Uktar 29th, 1499 DR

Before leaving the room, she finds a small chamber with a large tub full of stone. They finish their short rest and decide to continue onward, they head up the carved stone stairs and Ralph begins climbing up onto a pile of loose rubble with surprising ease. He begins looking at all the shiny rocks about. He grabs a few and Cithrel helps him back down. Ralph is deemed a "purveyor of useless shit".

They approach a different building with two rather well kept double doors. They seem well maintained and Cithrel hears a fire crackling inside. They try the handles and find them locked then Rokhar tries rushing the doors to no avail. Cithrel then tries to look around. They refocus in on the door and use the orb from the box to place into the door. It unlocks and  the group enters and finds the remains of an old workshop, in the center a green flame dances. In the back of the room, a large abyssal being speaks into their minds. He says he's been trapped for over 500 years and he was only meant to be here for 100 some odd and that the miners should be arriving to free him. He introduces himself as Jorge and says he's here to protect the Forge. The Forge was created by a man named Mormisk who Jorge claims was just here moments ago. Mormisk is the name that the ghost mentioned earlier. Jorge asks if they were there to relieve him of his duties and Ralph somehow manages the magic words to set him free. He disappears, telling the group to now protect the forge.

They are left alone with the Forge, Siv begins to inspect the fire and Cithrel comes over and holds her holy symbol towards it. She understands the flame is the source of all of the magic within the cavern. Siv and Cithrel agree that drow woman is likely letting them do all the dirty work before she arrives. Cithrel feels uncertain about this all. Siv finds some armor and a mace in the corner of the room, the armor finds itself in Cithrel's hands. She don's it beneath her robes, feeling much more protected than she has in the past. Cithrel also remembers the forge is capable of enchantment which the group agrees to test in hopes of better preparing themselves to handle what will undoubtedly come to try and take it away. Ralph holds his cane in the fire to test it out and Cithrel does the same. Feeling a new power within her staff.

They decide to keep going, locking the Forge behind them with Siv taking back the Orb. They continue northward back deeper into the cave where they find a large cliff which is full of salty water which raises and falls with waves pushing and flowing back, they echo heavily against the cave walls. They deiced to push forth on the narrow slippery path, Cithrel and Ralph pass through unabated. Rokhar and Siv follow suit, more rocks crumbling beneath them as they push onward. Suddenly Cithrel is snatched by a tentacle from the waters below, grabbing her and hovering above the waves, beginning to drag her down. Ralph grabs ahold of her and she is grabbed by Ralph and the Octopus. The Octopus pulls them down under the water but Rokhar pulls back on Ralph, raising them back out of the salty water. Cithrel tries to cast a spell but fails, relying on her companions for their aid. Siv shoots at the tentacle and slingshots them free back towards the cliff. Cithrel casts another spell on the Octopus before pulling herself back onto land. Rokhar then pulls Ralph up. They fend it off and manage to distract it before running onward through a tighter tunnel which opens out into a different large cavern, far away from the sea water and the octopus they left behind.
