Uktar 26th-28th, 1499 DR

Ralph enters the burnt remains of the house, finding a pile of ash and skeletal remains on one of the beds. Cithrel enters through the front door, frantically searching the house. She meets up with Ralph who finds a body in her sister's old bed, it's scorched beyond recognition. She prays its not someone she knew, she heads over to her parents room and gets the sense the fire started here, which alarms her even more.

But thankfully she does not seem to find corpses in her parent's room. On the ground she finds a piece of wire with seven beads on it, all of which are cracked. She's never seen one before, but it seems like a wonderous magic item that allows one to store the spell of a Fireball in the bead. She shows it to Ralph and they quickly head out Ralph noticing the house is about to cave in on itself. As they head out the crowd of civilians parts ways, muttering to themselves and some muttering their apologies to them all. Just as the crowd parts the shitfuck of a mayor (Harbin Wester) states their group has only been here but a few days but a slew of issues have started since they arrived which can't be a coincidence. Cithrel seethes at this, how dare he accuse her of having anything to do with what just happened to her family home. But Ralph steps in, calling him out and suddenly growing thrice his size which startles Cithrel and even Ralph.

The mayor recedes and shrinks aways, weakly advising them to leave town before leaving in a hurry, shortly after, Ralph returns to normal claiming the fumes of the building must've done something to him. Cithrel confides in her crew and they decide to head into the inn for the night, resting before their journey begins early tomorrow. Cithrel finds difficultly sleeping, but forces her way through it. She wakes up begrudgingly and eats some breakfast spaghetti, Sildar apologizes to her and promises if they find anything during the building's excavation she'll be made known. He gives them a map of where he believes the castle is and tells them in a few months there will be another election for Phandelin, a chance to kick the old coot out of his position, which Cithrel makes a mental note off. They finish breakfast and head out.

On the road, they rely on the map of Sildar. It's quiet as they travel, they make it a day in with no events. They setup camp before entering the Neverwinter Wood, everyone mostly keeping to themselves, Cithrel spends the evening praying to Eilistraee, hoping her parents are safe somewhere. The group rests and Cithrel trances in Siv's tent, Rokhar taking the lean-to and Ralph taking up the largest tent for himself naturally. As they're about to settle down, three strangers approach claiming to be on their way to Phandelin and asking if they could sit amongst them for a while. Cithrel is apprehensive but trusts Siv to make this call. She rejects them, telling them she thinks they're lying and they move on. Cithrel admits she doesn't trust much right now and Siv passes on some words of wisdom "Never trust anyone approaching your camp at night."

They decide on a sleeping order, Cithrel taking the first four hours of watch, then Siv 2 hours, then Rockhar the last 2hrs. Allowing everyone a full 8 hours of sleep. However during Cithrel's last half of her shift, she hears a snap of a branch. Cithrel sneaks around the back of the tent to pear out and spots a massive Direwolf. Thankfully it does not spot her and it continues on. Cithrel swaps shifts with Siv and begins to trance for the 4 hours, hopefully the rest of it goes smoothly. Siv's shift goes by uneventfully, and so does Rokhar's besides a slight meeting with an Owlbear.