Uktar 23rd, 1499 DR

Cithrel believes she hears a call for backup coming from deep within the forest, the oxen in the cart grow agitated as they sit in the open. Cithrel informs the group of this call and gathers together to debate what they will do next. Siv is inclined to stay and find Gundren, having been a long time friend of hers. Rokhar suggests hiding the cart and Siv and Ralph agree they should ambush the incoming goblins instead. Rokhar hides the cart off the path and they lie in wait, hoping to ambush the goblins instead.

Surely enough one individual goblin creeps through, a horn on his hip, likely the one who rung the alarm. He mutters something in his tongue before spotting the cart, Cithrel tenses from her hiding spot. Suddenly a rock fires out towards him but misses him. He seems to start petting the ox before Rokhar emerges and smacks the goblin. Or at least attempts to, he seemingly misses and the goblin begins to shriek. Starting a up a fight. He shortly redeems himself, managing to knock him out. The group rallies, Ralph shouting off in the distance, and they surround the unconscious goblin. They take the horn off the goblin and learn his name is "Dook", Cithrel checks him over and determines some water will wake him up. Siv splashes him and Rokhar lays over him to keep him still and Siv questions him. They suddenly learn he speaks some common. They somehow managed to articulate that Clargg is the goblin leader and that he wants the "diggy dwarf" man, assumedly Gundren.  Someone named King Groll is brought up. He is the one that needs Gundren and needs him alive. Dook requests his life in exchange for a way back to camp, he knows the traps and how to avoid them. They agree to keep him alive in exchange for this way back to camp.

They head on their way, pointing to a large pile of leaves. Which Cithrel could notice from a while away, but Dook points this out and has them avoid it. A bit further down the trail. they pass another trap. As the sun begins to set, they find themselves at the mouth of a cave with a small brook. Dook begins to hide and states he will not go any further, or he will die. He says there are no more traps but lots of goblins, the dwarves were inside when he left. He takes his leave, Cithrel leaving him to his devices, it was unlikely he'd make it far with his injuries anyways. Cithrel is aware gnomes and dwarves are quite comfortable in the dark, however she is unsure about Rokhar. They learn that Rokhar has no dark vision, but they want to use this darkness to their advantage when pushing into this cave. Ralph brings up this idea of using the horn to lure them out and then sneaking into the cave behind them. Dook suddenly takes the horn and hurries off,  offering himself to blow the horn to distract them.  He does it and they lie low, waiting for the goblin to react before planning to sneak into the cave. They surely do, a relatively large group of goblins and wolves heading out before they hurry into the cave behind them.

As they enter they duck into a room full of mangled and starved wolves. Siv and Cithrel pitch in 2 rations each in pity, before Ralph casts a spell and tries to commune with the animals. He ends up ripping up all of his rations and throwing them out, much to Cithrel's displeasure however he seems to befriend the small pack. He suddenly asks one of the wolves to help Rokhar. It doesn't appear to be going well on the outside, but seemingly does and one of the wolves guides Rokhar through the cave. They continue onward and slightly upward. They head up the main path, a rope bridge ahead and they hear goblins passing them overhead. They hold their breath and once passed continue on. They pass a room full of water that fuels the brook running out of the cave and begin to hear voices in the distance. They decide to head over the rope bridge. It was a bridge built for goblins, so not quite sturdy for people their size. She makes it across but suddenly, she notices Siv struggle behind her and she holds out her staff in attempt to aid her across, which she does. Ralph stumbles across just barely and Rokhar does fine. Around the corner, she notices fire light, two goblins playing about together. She alerts Siv and slowly approaches, clutching her staff. She allows Ralph to pass in front of her and they try to take advantage of their distraction. Ralph screws the pooch a bit but Cithrel prepares a spell. Her own spell doesn't seem to hit anyone unfortunately. Siv thankfully tears into them with a caustic spell. Cithrel misses another spell but steps aside to let Rokhar pass her and get into the fight. A larger goblin steps out with Sildar, Gundren's Knight - has hostage and threatens to kill him if they continue. Rokhar in anger smashes the goblin attacking his wolf. Well conversation is out of the window now. The goblin slits Sildar's throat. In frustration Cithrel attempts to cast guiding bolt but unfortunately misses, she curses in frustration. Wanting to get to him.

Ralph rushes up in rage and goes to attack the last goblin who slit Sildur's throat. Siv follows up, blasting him with fire and Cithrel hurries up behind. The wolf, Mika being the one to finish him off. Rokhar begins to look around and Cithrel runs over to Sildur and holds her hand to his throat to cast spare the dying, muttering the incantation of her family. She notices a healing potion had rolled onto the ground off the goblin that slit his throat and she quickly administers it to him, it was not yet his time to pass. She tends to him until he awakens, out of magic ability but not in medical knowledge. Sildur awakens and speaks about Gundren, asking where he is and mentioning he last saw him being taken by a Bugbear, they seemingly did not want them together. He begins to get his barings and thanks them for the aid. He says he heard something about a spider and something about the dwarf needing to be brought to them. Gundren had an old map. Sildur wishes to leave as soon as possible which they are fine with but concerned about the hunting party. Ralph asks Mika and Rokhar to see him out, which they both do.

Cithrel, Ralph and Siv head onwards, they stumble into a room with a large furry man sits atop a pile of boxes, bits and bobs, barrels and jars. His hoard throne of sorts. He speaks in common, a wolf at his hip. He asks for Cithrel, referring to her as "black spider" and asking her for a gift. Dook had previously mentioned that King Groll sent a message to Clargg about collecting the dwarf and sending him to Groll for the Black Spider. Ralph gives Cithrel the blanket, explaining it will make him invisible. Cithrel takes the blanket and offers it to him, urging him to investigate. He is a massive figure and towers even over Rokhar. On the crates he sits on, it seems he sits on stolen Phandalin provisions. Cithrel notes this but keeps quiet, allow him to put it on. They group acts, as though they can't see him. Which Clargg seems to buy and parades about. Appeased he sits down, he says he sent Gundren off yesterday to King Groll. He says a glowy eyed goblin took him to King Groll in Crag'Maw Castle. He then drags out a small chest saying he has a gift for her in exchange for making him a king. Inside the chest are a bunch of coins, some potions and a small frog statue. They quickly take it and head out, not wanting him to figure out they had slaughtered some of them. They quickly depart and rejoin with Sildur and Rokhar. Mika the wolf has departed at this point. They head their way towards Phandalin. They rest along the way listening to stories.

On the dusk of the 25th of Uktar they arrive in Phandalin. Along the way Siv tinkers more with the wheelchair and the peculiar box.  They pass an old poorly dressed scarecrow with a sign that reads "Welcome to Phandalin." A familiar sight to Cithrel. 