Uktar 25th, 1499 DR

As they interrogate, Cithrel tries to get more information out of him. They learn the boss man "Man with the staff" has the wanted poster out. Rokhar helps Cithrel in bending more information about him. He talks about someone working for a spider and setting up the Redbrand's to cause trouble within the city. He also mentions some kind of bubble-y thing.

It's not much but he also points out two doors down the hallway ahead of them, he should be there. He also reveals there's an Imp that does his bidding. Ralph mentions he's had Imps around his house which Cithrel recognizes he's referring to foxes. Ralph then talks the ear off the man as she re-gags him.

While Ralph scrounges the floor for extra coins and some new bitching earrings, Cithrel encourages the group to continue onwards and head down the hall 2 rooms as their prisoner mentioned. Ralph nearly snags a bottle of wine on his way out of the room but Cithrel catches him and confiscates it.

As they head into the next room Ralph steps on a stone pressure plate that triggers an arrow trap. His ear gets snagged by an arrow, tearing out one of his new earrings and he seeks Cithrel's aid. Without the energy to cast, Cithrel simply waves her staff over his head in an unenthusiastic manner but the placebo affect is enough for Ralph to feel better and thank her. He then encourages them to enter the room but to stay low. Cithrel keeps her eyes peeled and Siv checks out the items on the table.

It seems as though someone left this room in a rush, perhaps after doing some sort of alchemy or potion making. Perhaps they were the cause of their quick departure. Siv hands Cithrel a book in Dwarvish which Cithrel reads aloud, partly in attempt to impress the dwarf on her knowledge of language. The book talks about 500 years ago, a pact between dwarves and humans. An alliance has been made, a cave (The Wave Echo Cave) have been turned into a Forge, the Forge of Spells, a place to create magical items that could be sold for triple the value. Phandalin has prospered, but disaster followed shortly after. Bandits attacked and destroyed Phandelver and they lost the Cave. Siv applauds her, but tells her annunciations are a little off. She takes the compliment and thanks her before giving the book back to her. She was likely to have better luck with her native tongue than Cithrel was. 

Ralph reveals he vaguely remembers a time where he helped build this particular building, but most of his memory is faded. Cithrel spots a journal with the same name as the other book Siv found. It talks of a Mace made in the Light of Lthander, supposedly lost. They head into the next room, Cithrel warning the others to be weary for traps but Rokhar walks right in before making himself comfy on the bed. Cithrel sighs tiredly and the group follow in after him, investigating the bedroom. Rokhar finds a boat load of coin and Cithrel pockets two scrolls, of Hold Person and Fireball.

On the table, a written letter is present. It seems to talk about them and their association with the dwarves. Written to Lord Albrek and written by Iarno. It writes to stop their group no matter what and be sure to confiscate any dwarven maps. Cithrel pockets the letter for later while Ralph discovers a spiral staircase behind the slightly parted curtains. As she picks up the letter she spots a different slightly hidden letter, one with a spider mark seal. She pockets it before revealing to her party her concerns about her sister and this black spider. They decide to head onwards.

They enter another room, a room full of coffins that are labeled after other Tinkertops. Specifically Ralph's father, ex-wife and grandfather. Ralph introduces Cithrel to them, specifically taking the lid off his fathers'. allowing Cithrel to admire the work he did. Which she does. He reminisces, before remembering about the parchment in his father's hand and deciding to take it. Cithrel mends the paper, making it more malleable but the part damaged has already been lost. They learn it is instructions for opening the cube, and Ralph admits he was left out of a lot of important conversations involving his family and the dwarves / humans. They explore a little more before finding their way back outside of the Tinkertop manor. 