Ches 6th-8th , 1500 DR

Cithrel tells the party to sit aside while she buries and sends off the brutally murdered family. The storming rain lets up and they agree to bed down for the night, seeing as the burial took most of their remaining daylight.

After setting up camp for their second night away, Cithrel stares into the fire for a while in silence, unknowing of what to think of this whole weird murder cult. She agrees to stay up the first four hours and leave the remaining hours to the Guardian of Faith she casts, a barely visible silvery dragon that hovers over their dimming fire. The rain picks up during her watch, but nothing else goes by.  During the second period of the night, a rabbit is obliterated into a bloody mist by the silvery dragon spell she casted.

While the others still sleep, a dense fog rolls in while she reads her prayer book and sips a cup of wine. When everyone awakes they gather everyone up and head back onto the road. They continue onward towards their first destination, and along the way pass a cart with two large brown and white horses. There are heavily armored clad men with a village crest. As they approach they slow their pace to greet them. They say they are Watchers for the town of Conyberry, and they work to keep the town safe. They seem to be approaching. They claim to be looking for an escaped convict and ask if they have seen anyone . Cithrel shares about the suspicious man they passed and the gruesome scene that followed. He had dark brown eyes and matted hair to his face, he was heavily cloaked. Cithrel studies the sketch they have and confirms it looked rather similar.

The guards ask them if they can stop at the Guard Captain on their way in to Conyberry, to inform them that Guards Archibald and Michael are pursuing the suspect towards Phandalin and they are requesting more forces.  They also tell their group to inform the guard of the murder scene they found. They watch the guards gallop off and take the turn into the town, it looking rather quiet in these streets. Two more guards stop them on their way in, giving them a bit of trouble for wanting to come through. Siv and Ralph not helping Cithrel much in her negotiations, a man from atop the towers calls down at the two guards telling them to let their party through. They head up to the Captain's office, a white haired older man with a curled moustache and goatee with glasses on the end of his nose welcomes them to Conyberry. Allan McCoy, Captains of the Swords Guard. He apologizes for the stuck up guards amongst them. The Captain seems appreciative of the information they passed on. He mentions when the guards got to Conyberry initially there were red cloaked individuals, dripping in blood standing around weird symbols and chanting. Cithrel inquires about the symbols and confirms its the very same, the ones carved into the victims they buried on the way. Cithrel mentions this to the Captain and he is appreciate of the information.  He sees them out after offering them money, Cithrel and Siv deny the money and head out. They also decide to Leave Red in McCoy's care for the next 7 days.

They continue across the plains towards a small mountainous range, and find a old trail. Cithrel notices the path seems to be carved out of stone, a vertical narrow channel, in the stone is carvings that look rather familiar to her. Runes in her parent's old books, symbols of guidance to lead the drow out of the Underdark. This path is going to head downwards at some point. She advises her friends of this as they continue, finding more Elvish script. "Crossroads of the Underdark." "Gibbit Crossing." They agree to take a long rest before heading further in, and descending into the cave. 