Uktar 25th, 1499 DR

They arrive in Phandelin as the sun is setting. One building stands out amongst the sea of buildings, "Stonehill Inn & Provisions". A man in a red cloak is thrown out of the inn, a "Redbrand" a name unknown to her, casting their group a glance before heading off towards a decrypted manner at the top of the hill.. The own keeper, a half-orc acknowledges their group welcomingly in contrast to his frustration at the red-cloaked man, he gives Cithrel a knowing nod. They park up their wagon and head inside the inn to deliver the cargo. A few towns folk glance as they take their seats, a chubby tortoiseshell cat brushes up against her leg. It appears they arrived just in time. However there is an odd tension in the air.

The Half-Orc Bart (Barthen), the owner of the Inn and Provisions Shop. His companion Molly is a halfing. He acknowledges her as the long-lost Torghasta and mentions he's surprised to not see Gundren.  They clarify they were to bring the cargo and meet him here, but he's been taken and they intend to go find him. The group introduces themselves and Cithrel mentions he seems to already know her, he admits he believed she was her sister, who's apparently been in trouble as of late. This didn't come as surprise to her, but concerned her none the less. He mentions she should see her mother, she is apparently on wits end. This also concerns the drow, but she keeps quiet. They decide to stay for spaghetti, and some drinks, tired after long journey. Sildar catches up and enters the Inn, he thanks them for their help in the Goblin cave and mentions taking some time to rest, but he agrees to try and find some information about the Crag'Maw Castle. Bart provides them a free room and food for tonight for being town's heros. As they await their food, Cithrel notices the tension in the room seems to be from the man who was kicked out, some kind of ongoing issue with these "Redbrands" perhaps? Apparently Rokhar doesn't like cats, Buddy gets launched and hisses at him. He seems to leave Siv alone, and meanders over to Molly as she approaches. Molly is a sweet young woman. Cithrel ponders if she was the woman who that man in the read cloak provoked/laid hands upon. Molly, also acknowledges Cithrel, asking if she was one of the sisters. Her mother is unwell, something about her powers not being there and her father having been into the inn lately. She also advises seeking her out. Cithrel hides her growing internal concern between sips of water, she does her best to maintain her composure. She ensures Ralph gets a watered down booze and watches as Ralph meows at the cat.

Ralph mentions he is not losing his mind before downing his drink, Cithrel and the others are in pain listening to them meow back and forth for the past 10 minutes. Molly then brings over the food, she wishes to ask something of them before they leave, but will allow them to eat. Cithrel picks at her food, a lot of on her mind but Ralph asks her if she knows what sounds like a Goose named "Lord Titty". She stops eating, and loosely mentions a goose farmer which Ralph insists on visiting them tomorrow and something about "Demon Dogs". They finish eating and are given two keys, for a ladies and men's room respectively. Ralph and Rokhar head to bed, Cithrel remains awake with Siv, they seek out Molly as the night grows darker. There is only one other patron in the establishment, he snobbily leaves, Town Master Wester is his name. Molly agrees he's a piece of filth, along with Siv. Siv and Cithrel sit down with Molly, she admits she doesn't feel safe but doesn't have the heart to tell Bart to take time away. She admits someone in all black has been lurking around time, she noticed them after closing up shop. She mentions the Redbrands will try and loot their pockets at night, but now there is also this mysterious fellow at night. They pry about the Redbrands and learn they believe they run the place, Cithrel scoffs at that. It appears the Redbrands started as a small group that wanted to defend the town, but turned into outsiders that kept showing up and demanding protection money, making threats and doing what they want. Siv suspects the Town Master may have something to do with them, and Molly agrees he likely is getting his arm bent. Siv wants to take a look into the issue but agrees this should be after finding Gundren. Molly says he's a good man and Cithrel hopes he's still doing well. Nundro and Tharden are Gundren's brothers, they learn this from Bart. They apparently have been gone a while too.

They agree it can't be a coincidence that all three brothers went missing after discovering something as big as they have. Siv decides to stay up and drink a little more and Cithrel loosely mentions she's going a few houses down to visit her family, Siv asks if she wants her tag along and internally Cithrel battles with her mind but ends up heading out alone, not wishing to place her burden on Siv. She heads out and passes by the Shimmering Vale shrine to her old home, there are no lights, but surely someone is home. She knocks and waits a while, and finally her father answers the door, he looks initially hopeful, but it fades into surprise. He was expecting her sister. He hurries her in and she enters, and explains she did not expect to be back so soon, but finds herself here on work with a peculiar group of hers. It appears their usual table is barren along with a smashed vase. The vase was once always filled with offers from the villagers. Her father goes to fetch her mother, she appears to not be well. Her eyes light up and she hurries over to embrace her, she mentions the past couple of weeks, there's been bugs vandalizing the shrine, her sister is tangled in something and has been gone for days. She admits she's concerns and has been wondering off, distancing herself from her teachings. The shrine has been closed due to her lack of abilities, her father is still working around the town, just helping. She asks her to help find her. She leaves in the dead of night and several other individuals in dark clothing would be outside. The city seems to be doing downhill.

Cithrel talks about her work and involvement with Gundren, he apparently stopped by the shrines often, asking for protection on his way to some kind of caves or old well. Her father states before they (her family) arrived in Phandalin, the town was undergoing a revolution of sorts, dwarves and gnomes made an agreement called "The Phandelver Pact" - it was about a mine nearby known as the Wave Echo Cave, rich in mineral and contained great magical power. Humans aligned themselves with the dwarves and gnomes to create the Forge of Spells. Things went great, the town prospered and was twice the size as it is now. It was raided by bandits however and destroyed about half the city. When their family arrived, they helped bring the town to it's current glory. Her mother, admits her and Nyloth may have even inspired Gundren and his brothers to pursue the investigation they found. Greymond Castle, somewhere off to the North, somewhere in the NeverWinter Woods. She talks with her parents a bit more, they wish to meet her friends/compatriots sometime soon and she agrees she will introduce them. She intends to find Gundren and will look for her sister, Chandra as well as she's in and out of town. She bids them farewell and heads back to the inn, not before stopping to tidy up the shrine and make her prayers to Eilistraee.

As she returns to the Inn, she hears a chuckle behind her.  Four folk in red cloaks step out of the shadows and block her path. They demand money of her and she refuses, they call her an outsider and she laughs. Stating if they did not know of who she was then they were truly the outsiders. As one grabs her arm she jerks it back and pulls her staff out to point it at him "Please- Do not disrespect me in front of Eilistraee." And a fight breaks out.  Two miss her with sword slashes, and she drops a sphere of Darkness and hides within. They slash at her blindly, two others knicking her with their blades and shedding blood. Finding herself in a bind, she tosses two gold out out of the darkness, hoping they'll leave her alone. They demand more gold of her and she caves and casts toll the dead, but with no audible noise. She assumes she misses and heals herself before taking another blade to her back. She hisses out in pain then her vision goes black as she hits the ground. Siv, Ralph and Rokhar run out to find Cithrel's body and the fleeting red cloaks running off before being cut off by a black cloaked figure. 