Uktar 25th, 1499 DR

They enter the cavern that leads into the Tinkertop manor, walking in complete darkness, Ralph guides Rokhar with his cane. The party meets a *thing* in the cavern crevice, "Ixel'". He talks through their minds, but strikes a deal with them, sharing the information he knows in exchange for a place to stay here. He probes Ralph's mind, before Ralph drops a killer one liner. Ixel drops his probing and tells them no matter where they decide to go.

Cithrel catches someone shifting about down a stairwell behind them, and silences the group before creeping downwards. Some kind of bugbear passing through, they decide to get the jump on them before it goes the other way and they go to the door. Cithrel takes the side and urges Rokhar to the door, he kicks the door off it's hinges and instantly smashes one of the bugbears with the wood door. Then a fight breaks out. Rokhar absolutely destroys one of the bugbears and Cithrel misses a Guiding Bolt and takes a step back, hearing steps from the door behind him she braces against it, preparing for company. Ralph follows up behind, cracking another one with his cane.

Behind her, Cithrel feels the door jostle, it seemed like someone tried to walk through but didn't expect the door to not give. Cithrel holds her ground, fighting to hold the door shut. Cithrel eventually ducks down and fires a Faerie Fire under the door. Hoping to hit whoever was on the other side, and bracing for them to break through soon. To Cithrel's shock, she topples back into the room as the door swings inwards instead of outwards. She gets slashed with a scimitar but manages to hold her concentration. In her bloodied and battered state, she reaches out and grabs the shoulder of one of the bandits, draining the life force from him before trying to duck away, not without getting slashed once. She hurries past Siv, looking for aid from her allies as she clings to life.

Siv goes to defend her and as she fights for life, Ixel creeps up behind Cithrel, startles her but gives her a potion from "his collection". She takes it shakily, too weak to argue, her team needed her alive. She takes the potion, runs after Siv and heals her before giving her some space, telling her she will not abandon her. Siv bursts into swords promptly afterwards, still fighting with her all. As the combat draws to a close, Ralph and Siv battered and bloodied. Cithrel will heal Ralph with the remaining of her magical energy before going over to aid him with the tied up and battered man. As she steps over some fallen papers, she noticed a wanted poster with a face almost identical to her own. She grabs it, gauging it over and seeing a 100gp reward. She then trudges over to the tied up man to wake him up and grab him by a fistful of the hair.