Ches 10th, 1500 DR

After divvying out the goodies they had found, they take a long rest. Upon awakening, Cithrel notices how dead quiet it is and immediately a sense of unease comes over her. Ralph. There's a pain in her chest and she receives a vision from her Goddess, Eilistraee. There is rows of trees planted methodically. She's heard of this before from her mother and from her religion, but the life cycle of people are often represented by a tree. There are hundreds and thousands of live an dead trees, each one representing a person.

In conversations with her mother, the ones that you see are the ones of those closest to you. There seem to be a dozen before her. Various family, friends and the like. These trees are all blooming and she walks amongst them, listening to the whispers of her friends and family. She notices that Ralph's voice begins to fade and his tree begins to burn orange and age rapidly. A panic oversets her and she places her hands upon the tree, her first meeting with Ralph is displayed. Different pieces of her memories with the crazy old gnome over the years. She places her head against the tree and prays aloud to Eilistraee, telling her she's not ready. Through all of her prayers, she'd never received a verbal response. Until now.

Like a whisper on the wind "You feel it is not time, then something must take his place." Cithrel panics, thinking desperately. She casts Death Ward on the tree, slowing the progress. She awakes and rushes over to Ralph, removing her eye mask and teary eyed looking down at a breathless old gnome. Siv notices the commotion and hurries over to her aid, dumping out Ralph's things to try and desperately find something worth a Revivify. Cithrel points out that her god offered her a soul for a soul, and Siv points out Ralph's rings, one of which he supposedly talked to. They try it, Cithrel begging her Goddess for a one exception. An immense amount of magical energy swells from Cithrel, draining her very life from her body. Her own soul wavering, something is pulled from the ring and it hovers for a moment in her hands. A pale blue energy starts to flow from Ralph's mouth. She feels a breeze that is not there and hears the rustling of leaves. The orbs switch places, the pale blue hovering above the ring and the purple hovering above Ralph. The blue orb sinks into the ring, changing it to a blue swirling texture and the purple orb dissipates into nothing. The energy in the ring swirls, as she calls his name. Still no pulse from his body. He is gone.

Cithrel puts on the ring and speaks momentarily to Ralph in her mind. He thanks her for taking care of him and makes her promise to take care of herself. To which she promises him. Cithrel is sobbing but explains to Siv what has happened. Ralph is gone, but his soul lives on in the ring. He is comfortable and happy. And Cithrel is okay with that. She is exhausted and explains to Siv that they should burry him in Phandalin near the mansion. Siv agrees and tells Cithrel to rest while she prepares his body for travel.