Ches 8th , 1500 DR

The party enter a room that looks as though it was torn asunder, the southern doors read "Toil" in dwarven. The eastern door has a dark red "X" on it, and the western door is blank. They decide to try the X door first and find a smaller closet. They hear banging of hammers on metal in the next room over and go to investigate. They find four Dwarvish figures. Undead, like the ones in the other dwarf hold they killed. The slowly approach while Ralph rambles to them, then suddenly their eyes flash green. One lunges at Ralph starting to tear into him. Another huffs a hammer at Cithrel. It scrapes her and she raises her staff to turn two of the undead away from them.

Ralph rages and the group fight back against the zombies, Cithrel taking one out with a necrotic touch which doesn't seem so effective and Ralph smashing another. Ralph finishes the other two off with impressive blows, but takes a fair bit of damage himself. Cithrel keeps him topped up and in good condition as it quiets down and they look around. Siv determines they were making cages large enough for a humanoid, but with Mithril reinforcements. Whatever they were caging was their sized and strong enough to warrant the use of a rare and strong mineral.

They decide to continue onward and find themselves in a massive open cavern lit by blue torchlight. The wall directly beside their door has a carving of a large spiked cage. As Siv wanders forward, Ralph and Cithrel notice an alarmingly large worm like being strike down at Siv. It grabbed her and begins to carry her into the ceiling towards it. Ralph hurries towards her and Cithrel follows quickly behind, concerned for her dear friend. She just manages to save her from an otherwise deadly blow. Ralph  absolutely slams the creature which drops Siv. Cithrel blasts it with a guiding bolt, and Siv and Cricket finish it off. Siv left with a rather ghastly shoulder wound. Suddenly multiple smaller versions of the same creature behind to arrive from behind. Ralph, Siv and Cithrel effectively kill the children of hte creature. They decide to leave the large room and head into the side room the creature's spawn came from. They find plenty of burrows in the walls with metal support beams. Siv stops out the remaining eggs with anger Cithrel dares not try to stop and she notices a door in the back of the room along one of the tunnels.

They head through the door which leads into a long and tall tunnel. Consistently shaped, they head northward to find their way to a room with another door with a red x. They confirm this leads back to the main room they entered too. They are in a bedroom of sorts and notice scorch marks that indicate it has been used for fires in the past. A place of rest. Ralph finds a backpack in the corner which he quickly grabs up. 