Uktar 25th, 1499 DR

Unbeknownst to Cithrel, her eye band, coin pouch, weapon and other treasures have been taken from her. As the Redbrands run out a dark cloaked figure stops before them. The figure has a feminine voice and bears the same family brooch Cithrel does. Just as this happens her group members arrive to find her on the ground unconscious.

The group attack the Redbrands, Ralph raging, Rokhar tanking hits and Siv fighting back. Suddenly Cithrel is picked up and a potion is poured into her mouth, she awakens in a bit of a startle as she is handed her eye covering and some of her belongings. The person with her coin however has taken off. She groans as she's sort of held up by this Red Brant, a bit confused. Meanwhile Rokhar is going after the running man. Cithrel pushes the man holding her up off him in confusion and picks up her staff on the ground, still holding her eye band. In the distance, Rokhar decimates the running man. She spots him kneeling off from afar with Redbrand feet on the ground. Still groggy from being knocked out she makes her way for Ralph as he seems to be approaching a dark cloaked figure. Just as he approaches she says something quietly, and quickly vanishes via magic.

Rokhar beckons Cithrel over to return her coin purse but demands a gold piece in return, she sighs but obliges, thanking him for returning it before crouching down to glare at the remaining conscious Redbrant he held hostage by his hair. She suggest he refrain from robbing anyone else to which he responds by spitting blood into her face, she glares at him in response but scoffs and tells Rokhar to do with him as he pleases, to which Rokhar takes as to finish him off which he does. Two headless corpses line the street with blood, the two remaining unconscious, one remains passed out and the other slinks off, Rokhar managing to catch him along with Siv on his way out.

Cithrel remains with Ralph in the town square to clean up a bit and roll the unconscious Redbrand off to the side. Meanwhile Siv and Rokhar threaten to torture the last Redbrand for some intel. Cithrel tucks aside the remaining and checks up on Ralph before noticing a silver glint in the dirt, and finds her family crest, left behind from where the figure disappeared. She stares off into the distance thinking about her sister for a moment before silently following after Ralph. Drinks are on Bart at the bar, he's pleased to hear about the less two Redbrands. Cithrel tries to limit Ralph's intake but the bartender seems to miss her cue. She eventually watches Ralph and Rokhar shuffle around but finds herself to sleep, clutching her eye band close to her chest. They sleep in a bit due to the late night.

In the morning of the 26th they all meet in the Inn for breakfast, she watches her dad stop by to drop off wine and others bring in goods as well. Bart greets them, while cooking some stew. Molly wanders over to take the groups order, Cithrel ensuring Ralph avoids alcohol this early in the morning. Everyone gets a breakfast platter to share and Ralph requests toast done "Cithrel-style". Perfectly toasted on each side with butter on both sides and the crusts removed. As this happens, Siv messes with that box, ending up finding out more of it. She has a small circular orb in her hands, that Ralph wishes to view. Siv reluctantly lets him see it, and he asks if he could eat it. Molly also notices, the bruises on her and asks if they had anything to do with what happened outside. Cithrel inquires what if they did and she quickly applauds they before heading out, Siv and Cithrel talk back and forth about the display outside. As they finish up breakfast Cithrel notices the mayor watching them. 

They agree to try and find Sildar to see if he's learned anything since last night. Sildar is surprised to see them so early and apologies, saying he was up late cleaning up bodies in the square. Cithrel and Ralph play dumb, but poorly so, he seems to see through them but does not pry. He mentions the red cloaked fools ran off with some of his goods, amongst the goods was a handful of old books regarding old Phandelin. Sildar mentions he was a intial leader of group, originally trained young adults and teenagers trained to protect the town. He claims he does not know of the group that now resides here. They are hiding out at the old Tinkertop Manor. Siv and Cithrel agree to go after them, Siv not promising any lives saved and Cithrel admitting she'll do her best. They begin to head out there and then. Prepared as they'll ever be.