Uktar 14th-18th, 1499 DR

The sun rises on the Neverwinter Wood, deep within remains a small hut that blends in with it's surroundings. Their morning starts as normal, Cithrel tending to Ralph's laundry and preparing breakfast on the side. Ralph is reclined in his permanently reclined chair, muttering out the window as he does most mornings. 

While finishing breakfast, Cithrel hears a startling knock at the door. Ralph grumbling. An elderly halfling man appears, known as Old Tobin. The postman with his small pony. He gives her a letter, from Siv. It's regarding a consultation with Ralph's walking device that she previously had reached out about. It's a few days journey so Cithrel begins packing their bags to be there as soon as possible. They begin to head the trail southward following along the river. The safest way through the woods. Ralph riding in his small cart pulled by his old frail donkey. 

A day passes and they head onwards, on their way they run into a large figure over 7ft tall. Quite the opposite of Cithrel and Ralph. He seems rather well armored but perhaps only recent woken. They stop and greet them. He introduces himself as Rokhar and she offers him a ration. He seems pretty sure of himself but she offers him to join them regardless, seeing as he could be good protection in their forest journey. He agrees to come along and they head onwards now with some more protection.

On the 18th of Uktar, they arrive in Neverwinter along with their new tall acquaintance Rokhar. The peculiar group finds themselves in the Guild Hall. This is a rather large and extravagant place, new to them all. Cithrel notices the sign of the stall "Innovations By Siv" and they head over. Two dwarven folk are having a conversation outside, she meets eyes with Siv. They introduce and Siv exclaims she's excited to work on this project for them. Ralph meets with Briggs, another Gnome who shares his last name and they decide to talk more about Ralph's late wife Mimzy Tinkertop who's recently passed. Rokhar, Ralph and Briggs head to the nearby bar much to Cithrel's dismay. But she remains with Siv to have their conversation regarding the walker project for Ralph. Siv shows her the blueprint for what looks like an intense chair on wheels, or as she calls a "WheelChair". It's powered by steam power and can be self-propelled and turned with levers, but has a button on the back which disables the self-power and allows her to push it with relative ease. Cithrel is quite impressed by the unique design and admits she is not adept in technical matters, so maintenance of any kind would be out of her realm of familiarity. Siv reassures her she'll teach her about it more, but the drow woman isn't quite too sure. 

About an hour later the boys return. The dwarven man suddenly pipes up, mentioning he has something big he requires assistance with. One of his discoveries apparently. A small box he can't figure out. He introduces himself as Gundren and mentions they could all be of great assistance. He requests them to meet him at the Emerald Chalice Inn. He says it's an offer none of them could refuse. He piques Cithrel's interest at least, it wouldn't hurt to see while they were in town. She puts Ralph up onto the stool to see the WheelChair, which he seems rather fond of. She plops Ralph down again and Siv takes measurements, she says she needs a better size idea before offering them a quote. Ralph mentions they may need to make modification to his Hut for him. This meeting goes on for a while longer. It's around 3:14pm, and the group decide to introduce themselves more formally. Cithrel is asked by Rokhar about her scars which she reveals are scars of her field of work in fighting the undead as a Shepherd of Life and Death. Rokhar introduces himself as a fighter from the Spine of the World, a place unbeknownst to her. Ralph introduces himself along with Siv, an expert inventor who's lived in Neverwinter her entire life. Cithrel mentions they all seem local save for Rokhar, as she personally hails from Phandalin. Ralph thinks he remembers Phandalin, but can't pin it down. Cithrel requests Siv to aid them with looking around town and she insists she must keep to her shop, but Briggs steps in and offers to man the shop while she shows them around. They decide to head to the Emerald Chalice Inn ahead of time to book a room before wandering the city a while.

A couple hours later, they head back to the tavern to meet Gundren. They are beckoned by the Bartender and meet with Gundren. He thanks them for taking the time to speak with him. He admits there's a lot going on and lowers his voice, a while back him and his brothers discovered something they've been looking for for centuries. He pulls out a small box and puts it on the table. An elegant arcane relic of sorts, about the size of a large book. They found it next to a map of something large that has been long lost. They want to discover it before anyone else, his brothers have already gone ahead. While this occurs a human man enters the tavern and acknowledges them. A man hired to protect Gundren on his way south. He is introduced as Sildur Hallwinter, a knight of the Lord's Alliance. They have found a cave lost to time and whatever is inside of the box is the key to getting into the cave. He mentions Siv has a brilliant mind who he hopes may be adept at figuring this out and opening the box. Firstly, he requires assistance in transporting tools from Phandalin down to Neverwinter as soon as possible. He has friends at Mortimers preparing a wagon for the journey, which should be ready in a day or two. He hopes the four of them wouldn't mind travelling with the wagon and bring it to Phandalin into Barthen's Provisions. Gundren says he must meet with his brothers before then meeting them at Phandalin.

The four agree, with the job of 10gp each. Cithrel asks Ralph and he agrees to go, wanting something to keep his mind busy and he also seems oddly curious about Phandalin. Siv agrees to go, looking for new ores and admitting Briggs can manage the shop while she's gone. Rokhar admits he's interested in ale and Gundren tells him the cart has some good stuff in it. As the group agrees, Gundren requests his knight to fetch them a luxurious meal. Cithrel notices as Sildur mumbles about being a Knight versus a servant on his way off to fetch the meal. As they wait for food and drinks, Cithrel ponders the box on the table. She's unfamiliar with the top, but there are swirling patterns and runes she recognizes. There is in fact some kind of magic at work here, a lock of sorts maybe? On the box or maybe what is inside. She shares this information then passes it off to Siv to take in the physicals attributes of.  She mentions the rings on the box, some kind of combination lock of sorts. During this Sildur returns with meats and cheeses. Gundren telling Siv to keep a hold of the box and see if they can figure it out and to keep it safe. Gundren thanks them again for their aid, and admits he must be on his way. He says he will meet them in Phandalin in a few days time.

The group begin to chow down, Siv moves her apron aside to reach her tools and mess with the box more. Cithrel watches in curiosity as she works. Seemingly getting something done with it.  Ralph takes the box to shake it a bit while they all continue to enjoy their meal. Siv mentions most of the base frame of his new chair will be done for the journey but will take a few additional days to get the quality of life features installed. Something to work on as they go. They get their rooms for the night and bed down. Over the next two days, Siv bonds with Ralph as he hovers around her shop as she works, then Cithrel explores arounds Neverwinter, looking for options to expand her families business and services along with the wonders of Eilistraee. She notices there are many shrines and temples within the city, but not one for Eilistraee. The faith she follows has not made it's way to Neverwinter, at least not yet.

In the morning of their travel, the barkeep awakens them and beckons them down for a meal as they head to Mortimer's. A large cart with two oxen pulling it, strapped up with everything that Gundren needs. Mortimer requests they take care of the Oxen, or else. Ralph asks him to look after Horse, their donkey. The disheveled white haired man hobbles back over to his bench and tells them to be careful on the Triboar Trail. They ready themselves, Cithrel taking over the cart driving with Ralph. They head down the coastline for a few days before heading onto the Triboar Trail. After travelling it for about half of day, Cithrel begins to recognize the side trail that goes into Phandalin. As they follow it they see the remains of a battle, two stray horses sniffing ransacked personal affects. Cithrel pulls the cart over and she and Ralph hop down to investigate the stray horses in the path. As they approach the two horses, Cithrel leading Ralph and the other two not following far behind - there appears to be a scuffle of sorts. Blood and saddles tossed about. The horses seem to be nervous but uninjured. Cithrel investigates what remains of the saddle bags, it appears rather ransacked and looted. Suddenly she is  surprised by something coming out of the forest nearby, an arrow that pierces her upper thigh. Cithrel cries out in pain as her group is surprised by a goblin attack. One jumps out of the tree behind her, attempting to whack her with his bow but manages to dodge. The rest of her group is ambushed as well.

Cithrel listens as Ralph is also impaled with an arrow, she grits her teeth, watching behind her as her allies are ruthlessly attacked by goblins. Ralph rages and beats the shit out of the goblin allowing Cithrel to get closer to Siv and heal her damaged body with a spell. Rokhar smashes another goblin with his hammer. Ralph follows up, killing another one and Cithrel attempts to finish off the fight. Her spell fizzles out despite the surrendering Goblin who has his hands up and Rokhar finishes him off in a swift blow. The air stills and they are left with a bloody battlefield. Ralph beckons the horses over miraculously while the others loot the goblins. Siv points out one of these horses are Gundren's. Cithrel rummages through the Goblin's pouches and finds a bloodied note she passes onto Siv, unable to read it herself. She reads it aloud, saying it was signed by a being named Clargg. Maybe a goblin king or leader of sorts, it seemed they were sent after Gundren. Nearby she finds a bloodied trail with goblin foot tracks. It seemed Gundren may have been kidnapped. Ralph frees the horses, unbeknownst to them and Cithrel shares the trail with the group. 