Uktar 28th, 1499 DR

The group awakes, and they carry on their way finding themselves to a clearing, and shortly after find a concrete building. A castle. As they approach, Cithrel spots windows lining the upper portion and advises the group hug the bottom portion of the castle walls to stay hidden. Ralph calls upon a raven and talks to him, still a mystery to Cithrel. They begin to plan their way into the castle. Ralph inquires about his Wheel-Chair and Siv shows it to him. Ralph dubs it "Debbie" after his fourth ex-wife (RIP).

As Ralph sits in his chair it slowly begins to roll away and Siv tells Cithrel about the emergency break handle. She makes a mental note of this before the bird from earlier returns, he tells Ralph that "one of their friends is inside" before looking to Cithrel. Suggesting there is another drow, potentially Cithrel's sister. Cithrel, feels anxious but knows they must continue. Ralph suggests weeding some of them out, learning there's potentially 22 inside. Rokhar suggest starting a forest fire, and Ralph tries to warn the animals to leave the area, causing a huge stir as animals erupt from the tree line and scatter. Ralph gets knocked over in the mix from his wheelchair. The enemies inside begin to stir, and it seems like some are coming outside.  Everyone prepares for an ambush however the group has little time to prepare as goblins to head out.

A small group of goblins head out with a taller one, they inspect Ralph's abandoned chair and it suddenly fires off into them, killing one outright. Then the fight begins in an ambush. They manage to take out most of them before they even have a chance to react. Ralph absolutely smooshes one goblin with his own chair, the fight ends and Siv scolds him heavily. Ralph looks to Cithrel for backup but she tells him another time and Rokhar ends up picking up Ralph, seeing as the chair was not maneuvering well over the rocks around the edge of the castle. They head around the perimeter, trying to find alternative routes inside. They find a small crack in the rubble which leads inside, they figure this will be their best bet.

They find themselves in an old provisions room with a door, Cithrel casts Aid on the party to help them out before they proceed and they head to the east, going the route they believe they know what to expect. Siv stumbles into a room behind a closed curtain, accidentally tearing it down. They wind up in a fight, alerting most of the castle. Ralph and Siv finish the fight quickly before they head into the next room, they find a drow woman and a badly beaten Gundren on the floor. As they enter the drow woman speaks up "That didn't take you long." Cithrel does not recognize the woman, but thankfully its not her sister.