Ches 8th, 1500 DR

Her father revived, Cithrel embraces him and says she's glad to see him alive. They allow him time to rest while Cithrel speaks with her mother and her allies. It has been many moons since they had last seen him. Her mother talks of Jiovani, a project of her father's she explains. Her father brought him home and found him in his 30 or 40s. He was cast aside from his family, the normal life of a drow was often unkind, especially to the males of their society.

Her mother is unsure what went wrong, but since the house fire, her parents have been taken. Cithrel explains where they are at Gibbet Crossing and her mother is surprised she is unable to recognize it, briefly mentioning she and her father used to transport people through here.

The fire broke out right after they went to bed, her mother had spent time trying to find her sister to no success. Jiovani and her father were in the room when she awoke to immense heat, it got very dark. Some kind of magics at play. They awoke trapped in a cage, elsewhere, somewhere in the middle of a forest. An old ruined castle. Jiovani and another drow woman told her parents that they had "spent low enough betraying their kind and that they would be dealt with" at some creature's behest. Her mother asks her some questions about the Wave Echo Cave, she says she was there at one point, but not at the same time as Chandra. She is also relieved to hear Chandra is alive.  Her mom ponders aloud, how she seems to have been to all the places that her party eventually was lead to. Her mother mentions that it seems the Black Spider, the suspicious drow woman assumedly working with the psychic goblins. 

Cithrel thinks deep, Chandra was no longer being controlled when the Black Spider disappeared. Cithrel originally believed the goblin had control of Chandra, and that might not unnecessarily be false. It seems like maybe the Black Spider also had control over the Long Goblins. She begins to  mull over this before Ralph begins to give Cithrel some hassle over the diamond she owes him, to which her mother clarifies was a diamond from her house and she will owe it back to Cithrel so she can use it to revive her friends if the time should ever come. Her mother, chats with Ralph and heals him a little, relieving him of some of his ailments and granting him an additional 20 days to his lifespan. Ralph runs about excitedly.

Siv and Cithrel talk a little about Chandra and what is next, her parents decide to return to their mansion to see Chandra and get some rest and begin preparations to start rebuilding. Cithrel and Siv decide they should continue onward, still needing to find that black pebble and figure out whatever the hell else is going on down here. They go back to the cage room where they found the devil and her parents in the room over. There is another set of doors they have not yet gone through which Cithrel decides to investigate. Almost immediately after stepping out into a long narrow cave that dips down, lit by blue torchlight she catches a peak of flooded cave. Dark murky water sloshing about. Something is down there. Two large crab-like monstrosities wander in a room that is slightly revealed. Cithrel tries to shush her friends but the clicking noise stops and her heart lurches. She suggest they check out a room as soon as she enters she spots water at the bottom of that staircase and she quickly suggest they leave which they do. Further in the cave, they find another dip down into about 3ft water. Cithrel uses dancing lights to light it up and she steps into the water, just as she does she hears distant grumbling in a weird language unfamiliar to her. A strange looking individual and it a multi-legged creature stands across the water from them. A poorly looking humanoid, mouth hanging agape with a large club and holding onto a leather rope tied to the basilisk looking thing. Cithrel advises her friends to proceed with caution.

Dripping wet and cold, they continue and find two separate doors. The first set of doors has elven writing above it "Azfadiel" and a coin with spider legs coming from it. Cithrel remembers vague stories of her parents telling her about the House Azfadiel, a drow trading house that went missing. Cithrel explains this to her friends and sees a dagger thrust into a metal ingot, the text reading "Triestoroth". Another name she has heard come through her house when she was younger. A wealthier trading house of the Drow. He told stories of how strange creatures attacked in the night and he and his sister were the only remaining survivors. She was taken when they wandered through the tunnels of the Underdark before he found his way to her parents. She enters the Azfadiel door and invites her friends within, finding a mostly destroyed room. She lights it up magically and invites her friends to look around. She searches the room and finds some kind of invoices with lists of items and numbers, but illegible to her in Undercommon. She stashes one, hoping her parents may be able to read it and gain some kind of information from it. Siv searches the other rooms, and they regroup. They discuss what they find and they agree it seems like a safe enough spot to setup for a longer rest.