Ches 1st, 1500 DR

The first day of spring has arrived and the Tinkertop manor has been finally rebuilt and their group has picked roomed amongst the brand new build. Cithrel finds herself a two level room with a small shrine she's gotten setup for Eilistraee.

The election is upcoming in Phandelin, and the current mayor is running again, unopposed. That will need to change. But they needed someone to run opposed to him.

Her thoughts are interrupted with the sound of wet plopping feet outside her door, she beats him to it and she is quickly urged out of her room as Ralph declares that Siv is sick. She follows him to the main room where the broken cuckoo clock sits on the walls. Chirping at random intervals which keeps alarming her. She is instructed to wait and she waits in confusion as  suddenly Siv and Ralph round the corner. Siv seems mad at Ralph and not hurt, which also turns Cithrel on Ralph as they both chastise him. He also drags Chandra out of her room in the house to pay attention to this clock. Siv in frustration storms off with the Clock, going to take a peek at it herself.

Cithrel swaps in with Siv to take a look at the clock for a while, it is magical in nature. She spots an additional carving at the bottom of the piece, the initials J.Horncroft. They share breakfast, and discuss the upcoming Election. Siv and Ralph seem to agree that Cithrel would make a good candidate, however she herself isn't quite so sure. She proposes the idea of Bart running and the others agree, they head to his provisions shop and tavern to offer the idea to him. Funnily enough Bart also thought Cithrel would make a swell candidate. Cithrel isn't quite sure how to feel about this. But they convince Bart to run, saying he's be a prime candidate. At least far better than the current longstanding mayor.

Bart, then mentions that things have seemed weird around town lately. Livestock have been vanishing. Cithrel recalls hearing folks complain, things seemingly less calm lately. Out back Siv and Cithrel hear Ralph cursing out behind the inn and they hurry out to ensure he's okay. With a bump on his head, he claims he saw a small goblin who scurried away from him after throwing some gems at his head. They begin to wonder if the goblins may be behind all the incidents and issues around town.

But then they hear a commotion out in the town square. Three taller goblins surround a town goat, which they are trying to steal. Onlookers shout at the goblins who do not understand. When Siv arrives she determines they want to trade for the goat and question where they come from and why they're here in Phandelin. They don't get a straight answer as the goblins scatter, Cithrel manages to hold one of the fleeing gobbos in place which Siv then proceeds to tie up and try to ask more questions. They decide to bring the Goblin to the Tinkertop manner to feed it and try and gain more info.