Uktar 28th, 1499 DR

Cithrel has never interacted with this drow woman, however, around 24hrs ago, she firmly believes she saw her in the crowd after the fire at her family home. The drow woman mocks her, playing dumb, which angers Cithrel. Ralph pitches in, offering her a diamond in trade for the information they seek.

They begin to talk back and forth, the drow woman says she just wants to chat. She wants to find her cave and seeks the key for the box she knows they have. Cithrel bites her tongue, and Siv steps in, lying to her.

The Drow claims she has a map to the cave and she needs the Forge within it, and she will get it. She proposes they will go into the cave for her and get her what she needs, otherwise, Gundren will succumb to the Drow Poison running rampant in his veins within days. She has an antidote that she will give them should they do what she asks. Tension is thick.

She recalls a story, roughly 600 years ago, she was wandering underground, she met some lost souls, those not meant to be there. She met a wandering couple, who she guided away from danger. A pregnant woman and a drow man who wanted to reach the surface, so she brought them there. She charged them a hefty cost, and she eventually came to collect.

Cithrel glares, her gears turning. She studies her, asking her if she knew her sister. A silver spider on her shoulder holds her cloak, but inside of the cloak is a dark purple with faint silver spiderwebs within. The gears keep turning for Cithrel, maybe this was The Black Spider from her letter. But she didn't understand how she was somehow of importance to her.

The woman speaks back up, mentioning that Chandra is safe, so is her parents, so a little birdy told her. Cithrel grits her teeth and the group take 5 to talk outside the door and discuss their options. To Cithrel there is little other options. Gundren admits due to his dwarven nature he may outlast it longer than others would, but he cannot escape death. They agree they have to bring her to the cave, but slit her throat before she can get to the Forge. Gundren says it will be deadly should she get her hands on the Forge.

They re-enter the room and agree to her deal, Cithrel holds her to her giving her the potion as soon as the doors open. Gundren is given the map to the Wave Echo Cave and they agree to head off. Just as they part salty ways, they can hear the slapping of feet from the hallway. Suddenly Clargg bursts in,  wrapped in the blanket, definitely not invisible as he tries to assassinate King Groll. His wolf tears his arm off and Groll stabs him in the stomach, killing him outright. Clargg's last words are "Clargg not invisible" as he dies on the spot and they all quickly make their leave. Gundren apologies to the group for dragging them into this and they forgive him before heading back towards Phandalin.

As they travel they find a group standing off to the side of the road, someone turns and waves to call them over. Siv goes up ahead and finds everyone standing around a dead owlbear, supposedly it had attacked and eaten some innocents folk before they grouped up to take it own. With nothing more to be done, they continued on back into Phandalin. They head towards the familiar inn as night begins to fall. Loud noises can be heard from within and Cithrel picks up on Mayor Dickbag claiming he has been handling with everything. Cithrel seethes as he heads outside running into them and exclaiming that she was the remaining Torghasta. He even, proclaimed she agreed with his mayor ship and would be rebuilding the temple. Cithrel disses him allowed along with Rokhar and Siv, causing him to leave quickly and the bar quietly mutters amongst themselves. They meet with Bart and Molly and get some food for them and Gundren. Meanwhile Gundren pulls out the map and marks the location.

He says the cave is rumored to have a guardian. And Gundren's two brothers are supposedly already there, perhaps they've already found out. Gundren mentions while at the Castle he overheard the things about The Spider, he believes that woman is The Spider and she is the main person orchestrating this whole ordeal. He really doesn't want her to get a hold of that Forge. 

Cithrel asks Gundren if he remembers anything else and he mentions Nezzar (the drow woman/The Black Spider) had mentioned her name more than once. She also mentioned something about "bringing the old blood together" and that her family was kept safe and unharmed. Cithrel frowns at this, but Gundren tells them all to rest up for the journey tomorrow.