Ches 2nd, 1500 DR

After a long rest, Ralph takes time to attune to a few magic items. In the morning Cithrel tunes into her magical ability and dispels the jar with the voice inside. Much to her dismay, her powerful magics do nothing and in frustration she hands the jar off to Siv before she twists it and lets out a weird ghostly dwarven man. Holjack Hollowhelm he introduces himself as. He claims he is the last of the duergar of this cave. He says he's been locked away for a long time and is impressed they've made it as far as they have.

His corpse is apparently rotted and he is what remained. He claims the purple ones took over this cave, the drow, who apparently also created the long-goblins. He also references the leader, a floating long goblin with the green gem embedded into his forehead. Appreciate of his freeing, he agrees to help them through but will part ways with them once completed. They all agree to his terms and decide to visiting the ominous black pyramid. Upon approaching he claims it used to be a duergar sanctum of sorts. The door is locked and Holjack claims he can unlock it. Before he agrees to do so, he says to check his bedframe and closet for loot.  He warns the one in the closet is trapped. "Storm, Death, Light, Wind" is the last advice he gives before touching the door and his body glows before he disappears. Leaving the open door before them. Siv wants to head up to check the loot before they proceed, Cithrel and Ralph agree to wait and guard the pyramid while they wait for her return. Meanwhile Cithrel peers inside the pyramid, mindful not to enter until she returned.

Inside there is a slightly elevated platform inside a 15ft square room. Inside there are four waist-high pedestals with some kind of handles, they also have small empty plates that seem as though 

Siv returns and shares her finding, lots of golds, a knife and bracers and some gems. The knife and bracers have a magical aura to them that Cithrel can sense, they will require further investigation. As they enter the pyramid, Rokhar falls in behind them and suddenly touches on the pedestals and the lift continues downwards into pitch blackness. Finally as they hit the bottom they find themselves in a large room with a massive platform. Blue lava flows around them and a large statue of a dwarven woman stands ahead of them, her face partially smashed and her arms full of cracks. The floating goblin with the gem in his skull begins to approach, addressing them and welcoming him into his domain. He beckons them to come along.  Two humanoid figures walk towards them, a faint green glow behind their eyes. They're possessed. The group step forth wearily, Siv and Cithrel acknowledging the magics at play here. Cithrel actually recognizes one of these humanoids as a local to Phandelin. Something irks within her as the humands hold out their hands for coats.

The loblin enthuses about his esteemed guests, saying they would get to witness the harbinger of a mighty god. While he rambles, Cithrel notices that in-between his talking his eyes seem to roll back into his head. She picks up on the fact he seems to be conversing with someone in his head. The platform begins to raise behind them. They are trapped. They are urged to come closer and do so, Ralph quickly side barring them to inform them they "need to trust the goblin lying to them". He asks if they will join him, by bringing the obsidian crystals to him to metamorphose the material plane.  The party disagrees, and the goblin is displeased suddenly he lands and the giant statue of the dwarf whirs to life with magical power, the green glow coursing through her body. That would be an issue.

Siv blasts the giant living statue with her Eldritch Canon, Cithrel casts Ray of Enfeeblement against the stone statue, hoping to weaken it's powerful strength. Ralph rages and rushes forth after the goblin. Suddenly Cithrel, is descended upon by the giant stone statue who comes at her with full force. Unfortunately it breaks her spell, but Cithrel gets by relatively unscathed. Ralph dukes it out with the long goblin and Rokhar runs up behind Cithrel to try and help her out. He nails the statue hard, it seems to turn his attention to him. Cithrel attempts to cast another spell but fails, suddenly hearing a clattering in the distance. More goblins are arriving.

Ralph is attacked by the stone dwarf, fear rattling his body. The fight is vicious and Ralph takes a beating, thankfully Rokhar finishes the goblin, the stone dwarf deactivates and the mind controlled goblins and humanoids are freed. They plead for mercy and to be allowed to run back to Grogg. The goblin insists they want nothing to do with what the long goblin stood for. The gem from it's forehead clatters to the floor and Ralph pockets it. They break up to look and check on all the humanoids who'd been possessed, they seem sickly but they are breathing. A good sign. They also save a more conscious humanoid, the current Mayor's nephew. They heal up and return to Phandelin. 