Ches 9th, 1500 DR

After the fight, the corpses that remain slunk into the water. Ralph calms after his rage. Cithrel puts two and two together that the animals might have been the cause for these weird statues. There are quite a few statues with faces of fear or surprise, pushed to the corners of the room. Ralph and Cithrel agree they shouldn't stick around long.

Cithrel makes a quick look around, but above mold there does not appear to be much else that remains. They continue deeper, up a staircase into a long hallway with weird slits in one side of the wall. A bit peculiar but Cithrel isn't able to make much of this outside of a prismatic rainbow light. Suddenly the light dims and a putrid scent blows through the hole. She recoils and gags as the smell seeps through.  As she does a purple bolt of energy shoots through the hole and hits the wall. Ralph advises her to back up and they decide to crouch under the little slits to avoid whoever was shooting things at them through the hole. Ralph proceeds and wiggles his cane in front of one of the slits which whoever is inside promptly shoots his cane.

The group proceed to crawl under the windows. Before hearing the groaning noises of the blind beings come through. They bumble about, Ralph holding his breath and Cithrel side stepping around them carefully. They pass on, not noticing them but stop at the slits in the wall. They do not seem to be harmed, and Cithrel puts together that these blind beasts were searching for them for whoever was behind the wall. They continue quietly down the hallway and find a door, and the fallen remains of a tower. Very oddly placed as there seemed to be no room for a standing tower. Cithrel gestures to the door and Ralph opens it without second thought, not realizing what she had meant.

Inside is a large room with that rainbow light, many broken cages strewn about. There are four of the large blind zombie like creatures, frozen in spot and looking towards the southern wall. The arrow slits are visible to the hallway they came from, whoever was shooting at them was within this room now. A  purple figure with a cape, suddenly notices Ralph and four tentacles come from it's mouth. An unnerving sight. A mindflayer. It links to their mind, questioning their purpose for being here and sneering at Ralph for lying to him. He seems displeased, but he has the black rock. The one they need. He closes the door telepathically behind them as he sends the little rock away to a side room.

The Mindflayers mentions himself and his brother have worked diligently to plant the seeds, he has been watching them all, including Rokhar. He notices they have been putting a skew into their plans. He states they will turn everything on this coast will be turned to their side. Claiming their ritual with decimate Phandalin and bring rise to a new Mindflayer empire.

Cithrel opposes him, and claims they will stop him before they allow this to happen. The zombies block their paths to him, they will need to be dealt with first. The map on the wall to their other wise bears a striking resemblance to Phandalin, a nerve wracking sight.

Cithrel starts off strong, casting a powerful spell upon him and faltering seems him seem mostly unaffected. Though she at least has damaged part of him. Not untouchable, hopefully that will be enough. Siv charges in with her Mace, going after the blind creatures alongside Ralph. Cithrel merely hopes they can dwindle their numbers before the Mindflayer has a chance to react with who knows what kind of magics he possesses. She was certain he would not go down easy. One of them go after Siv and one comes after Cithrel. Ralph rages and goes to defend Cithrel and stomp down these blind creatures. Ralph instantly crushes one closer to her and then a second one. The mindflayer laughs into their minds, saying there is no point if they kill him. Saying the "Chosen Ones" know about each every one of them. He blasts them with mind magic, their bodies feeling like they are locking up. Cithrel fights this off, freeing herself from the grasp along with Siv. Unfortunately Ralph is locked into place by the powerful spell. Cricket is knocked back and shatters against the back wall by the sheer force.

Cithrel heals her compatriots and tries to light them aglow, but the Mindflayer circumvents her abilities to do so. Siv shatters the ground at his feet and blows up the other blind creature, mildly damaging the mindflayer. At least Ralph would stop soaking up damage from the extra creatures. The Mindflayer begins to float up to Ralph. It's tentacles wrapping around his head as it begins to latch onto him. Cithrel heals Ralph, desperate to ensure he will live through this and making a silent prayer to Eilistraee to give her strength. Siv backs her up, casting a spell that he finally seems to not manage to deflect. She causes him to vanish, poofing into the distant back room. Saving Ralph from it's wrath at the cost of her breath as it relentlessly blasts her with Eldritch energy. Cithrel takes a hit from the spiked club, grimacing. But she moves her way between Ralph and the Mindflayer, she will not let him take him too early. And Siv will also not be taken too early, she heals her, her magics strengthening and bringing Siv back to her feet brand new. Good. She needed an ally in this fight and Ralph was out for the count for the unforeseeable future.

Siv summons her canon and blasts him, sending him back a decent bit. Finally Ralph awakes from his stun, and roars in rage, bringing his cane down on the Mindflayer. Cithrel's faith is restored having her bolstered allies at her side. It goes for Ralph's face again and he manages to smack it away. Cithrel summons a spiritual weapon behind him to close him in. He's got no where to go. Her weapon smacks him and Siv shoots another ballista shot at him. Ralph goes next, and he smashes it's brains in just as he prepares to flee. Ralph echoing Cithrel's words, repeating the realm wasn't theirs to take. Siv and Cithrel cheer for him. Silence is comforting. There's a throne with a spider-like motif behind them, Cithrel approaches the throne. Noting it as a strong link to Lolth.  It seemed this Mindflayer had been here for at least a little. Cithrel grabs the black stone, seeing an Obsidian Obelisk standing in the center courtyard of Phandalin, the people of Phandalin screaming in terror. She winces and shares the vision with Siv and Ralph. They reaffirm they will not allow these to happen.

On the map, there are seven individual fragments on this map, pointing to difference pieces of this tower. Its as if each piece builds part of the tower. There is a a cavern of sorts below Phandalin labelled "Illithinoc". There are wavy tunnels that lead up from under the ground. In the cavern there are four figures, each a Mindflayer. Additionally there are mathematical formulas which Siv notes down, they're unable to make much of it currently.

In the room they also manage to find the following:

- 5900 Gold Pieces
- 1450 Silver Pieces
- A Jeweled Dagger worth 200 gold
- There are also 11 gems worth 90 gold each
- A wand of Magic Detection
- A backpack with some magical capabilities

The group head back to the Azfadiel place to board themselves up for a rest, having had two long and arduous battles. They have some work ahead of them and a decision to make. One option being go to the next spot right away to get ahead of the next stone. Which wasn't too far away.