Uktar 29th, 1499 DR

The group awakes at the tavern, hearing a loud thud at the door as a caffeinated Gundren stumbles in. He encourages that get going and they all begin to pack. They grab breakfast with fresh bread and Molly inquires about them offering donations for restoring the old manor. Something about needing 75 Platinum, money they don't have spare. Cithrel promises to come back to her in a few days with something, and Molly slyly mentions telling them to start and leaving the mayor with the bill. Now that was an idea.

They agree to head out after stopping at the local Jeweler for Ralph, when they arrive they find a half door, surprisingly small in stature. Ralph walks in with ease and Cithrel crawls in on her hands and knees. It's a tiny shop ran by a gnome with glasses. Jory's Jangles and Jewels. It's rather messy inside, tools, gems, finished pieces like rings, bracelets, necklaces galore. Ralph introduces himself to Jory himself and he acknowledges them both, apparently this is Ralph's father in Law, assumedly one of his few ex-wifes. He says Ralph owes him 77% of all his belongings and has receipts, poorly inked receipts that seem to actually say 17%, which Cithrel points out. Ralph tries to argue this but Jory heads in the back to pull something out for him, two brass rings that were made specially for him way back when. He says if he wants them he must raise the stakes to 27% of his belongings. Ralph begins to spin another lie, holding out a dart which Cithrel immediately realizes is worth nothing.

*Somehow*, Ralph manages to scrounge the two rings, and a random broken cuckoo clock out of this deal. If one could even call it that. They then finally decide to head out for real, a few hours travel to the Wave Echo Cave.

A couple hours pass and they arrive upon some hills which lead into a massive mountain span. Gundren tells stories of the rich mines in the area, those who have searched for it but could never find it. At least until Gundren and his brothers found the map for it just about a month ago. At the time they were unaware of just how involved this map and cave were. As they arrive Gundren also begins to ponder if his brothers are okay and if they would be around. He says they should've setup camp outside the entrance, he lights a torch and they head into the cave.

As they go in a ways, Gundren cries out as they approach a lit fire. It seemed they were too late. They find three beds with a generous amount of supplies. They also find the body of a dwarf who's been dead for a least a week. Cithrel approaches his lost brother and determines almost instantly he has succumbed to a drow poisoning. Likely stabbed by a tinted dagger. Cithrel offers him a blessing, to prevent his brother's decay and offer him a peaceful passing. He insists he must take his brother home to Phandalin but they must go forth and destroy whatever she is looking for. The group agrees and passes their condolences, Cithrel promises a proper burial back in Phandalin once they finish what they need to here. Just as he carries his brother out, he tells them to find what's important and to bring it back to Phandalin.

There's a fading and growing echo of thunder, which Gundren acknowledges as the echo and tells them to stay safe. Cithrel finds a rope down a 25ft cliff edge and climbs down only for Ralph to toss himself down afterwards, thinking the drop was only 6ft. He collapses onto her and they both take blunt force trauma from the collision. Cithrel curses him out as she steadies herself and Siv climbs down, Rokhar jumps and absolutely nails the landing with surprising ease. Nearby they find a grotesque corpse of a goblin, a weirdly elongated one, who seemingly was tossed from the cliff or fell. Siv and Cithrel bicker about seeing the weird goblins before and then decide to coin toss to determine they're going left.

They reach another fork, with numerous passageways. Cithrel approaches the skeletal remains of a long since dead human, supposedly crushed by a collapsing passage. Siv backtracks to mark their passage, and they agree to hug the right wall throughout this maze of tunnels. Suddenly, something viscous and orange falls onto the ground behind them and begins to crawl towards them. Blocking their way out.
