Uktar 29th, 1499 DR

Coming across the cliff edge they notice bugbears, and elven woman and goblins in the distance. They group agree to try and sneak past using Cithrel's Silence spell and Siv launches a shiny rock into the distance to make a noise and distract them. As they launch the rock suddenly it implodes with the far wall and detonates. The perfect distraction. It even ends up killing one of the bugbears below in the blast. The enemies are distracted and the group begins the descend. They quickly move through the silence climbing down and up the rope, and stealthing past undetected. They find themselves in a man-made hallway with a door and a open room full of bedrolls.

Cithrel panics upon hearing the Drow woman's voice, the same one from Crag'maws castle. The one they made the deal with who claimed she'd meet them at the cave entrance, however she never was there. They decide they have no other option than to approach with enemies in front and behind. As they enter, Rokhar decides to try and sell them on a new invention. He pours his heart out, leaving his party at a loss for words as he seems to woo over the drow woman. Somehow.

She seems to buy into this a bit, and Rokhar continues to indulge her. However the other drow woman facing the statue does not, she turns to look over her shoulder and Cithrel's body magically freezes up. As the drow woman approaches she notices it's her sister. Chandra does not seem so pleased to see her, which tugs at Cithrel's heart. Her eyes glow bright green. She walks through the drow woman who dissipates, an illusion. She tells the others they can leave but Cithrel must stay. Ralph tries to insist she cannot stay, as he considers her family and he would only be willing to let her go for the right price. Chandra doesn't seem to buy into it. Suddenly Chandra deems they must die. Cithrel's heart lurches as she fights to break the magical hold on her.

A fight breaks out, Rokhar slamming into a Bugbear who slams into him and Siv going after her sister who still has a hold on her. She summons a Spiritual Weapon which slashes into Cithrel, hurting her. Cithrel finally breaks free and moves away from the Spiritual Weapon, starting to feel her wounds. Chandra casts a darkness while Ralph grapples her in his giant form and in the corner a long headed goblin cowers before trying to run away. Cithrel and Rokhar aiming for him as he tries to flee. It sees the goblin stops concentrating and Chandra's eyes stop glowing and stands there confused. Cithrel and Chandra meet eyes, both confused but Chandra goes over to the squirming goblin being held by Rokhar and absolutely abolishes him with a spell. Afterwards the twin sisters share a bloodied hug, she is confused and Cithrel begins to fill her in. She says she met another drow woman, perhaps the very same one they met.

As they're speaking Ralph is introduced to Chandra before shortly afterwards he quickly smokes a random green mushroom he plucked earlier. Siv slaps it out of his hand but not in time for him to take a puff and he begins tripping out. The group stand around him expectantly waiting for him to blink or breathe.