Ches 1st, 1500 DR

The group goes to investigate the nearby snuffling noise, entering a room with hanging meats and scattered grain bags. Inside is a giant badger snuffling about eating some potatoes. Siv brings this up and Ralph asks if she said hello to which she promptly responds no. Ralph enters to try and speak to him. Entering on all fours and encouraging the women to do the same, they do not follow suit. They watch as he bites into a potato that is passed to him from the badger.

Ralph introduces them to "Bessie". Who just seems to have crawled in looking for a snack. Ralph tries to persuade the Badger to join them and return to their home which somehow seems to succeed? Bessie agrees to follow them, according to Ralph. Cithrel tries the next nearest door, it opens into a personal quarters of some kind. Dwarven runes line the walls along with many other items, which Cithrel encourages Siv to come check out. Siv finds some maps, too advanced seeming for typical goblins. Maybe the work of the loblins. While she does this, they notice a whispering urn of some kind on a mantle. Cithrel bringing it closer to investigate. She listens close to it and hears a faint voice, a voice named Holjack Harllowhelm, a mining captain who begs to be let out.  Cithrel tries to free him, but the lid is shut on tight. He tell her if he can get her out, he has information about the goblin's he was more than happy to share. Cithrel pockets the urn for the time being. Siv investigates the other room and returns to Cithrel talking to this urn. Ralph during this sneaks off with Bessie.

They realize Ralph is missing after a chat about the urn and they head down the hallway to find a room of sleeping goblins, Siv bumps into her and the goblins sleeping awaken and sound the alarm. A fight breaks out. Cithrel casts a magical darkness in hopes to buy them both some time. They manage to fight their way through, Ralph and Siv taking many of them out. Ralph gets hit pretty hard and Cithrel heals a bleeding Siv. One goblin remains and surrenders, speaking in common. He asks why they have come here and Siv insists they want the goblins to stop raiding Phandelin. Being uncooperative, Siv tries to grab the goblin but fails. As this seems to be going no where Cithrel casts hold person to hold him in place while Siv ties him up and dangles him over the pit. They torture him a bit, dropping and catching him repeatedly hoping he'll cooperate but to no avail. The voice in the urn chips in, telling her the lava room is down an old elevator shaft the very one the goblin is being dangled down. He asks to be freed again. Cithrel notices the broken magical panel and she mends it. They agree to short rest while Siv attempts to fix this. They tie and slightly gag the goblin and put him on one of the beds and they take an hour to recuperate. 