Uktar 29th, 1499 DR

As their exit is cut off by the large slime, Cithrel starts them off by casting a spell upon it, slowing it and weakening it. Rokhar hits it, reducing it in size but also splitting it into two separate beings which slowly continue to close them in. The group slowly break it down before Cithrel finishes off the last jelly.

They decide to continue as they were following the right wall and find their way back to entrance before now following the other direction and finding a room full of skeletons, seemingly lost since lost a battle of some kind. Suddenly more creatures drop from the ceiling, this time weird bat-like beings which swarm them immediately. One attaches itself to Cithrel immediately, sucking the blood from her before detaching. Ralph grows in size in rage and flails his arms, effectively dealing with most of them. Rokhar finishes them off and it grows quiet once again.

To choose their next direction Ralph begins to close his eyes and swing his cane, following his heart. They decide on the southern most passage and find a skeleton guard pointing at the door with a key in his hand. Ralph gets the wise idea to open both doors at the same time, they do this and Cithrel finds an old office or storeroom, the southern most wall is collapsed and there is more room to the left. Siv mentions Rokhar and Ralph are already walking into the next room and they both collectively decide to not leave the boys alone. They made the right choice as a large hoard of undead being begin to awake and attack. Two massive ogres and a bunch of smaller ones. They decide to flee the room and shut and lock the door behind them, the ogres begin beating on the door, begging to get out. Siv checks the remaining room of the office and they decide to leave it.

Cithrel leads the way this time, finding a vibrant glowing green room. Full of a type of fugus. Cithrel recalls stories from her parents involving pale green glowing mushrooms. They are often used as a place to hide more aggressive fungi. Cithrel warns the group and shepherds them through, mindful to not step on any. Ralph sneaks a few into his pocket unnoticed by anyone else. They pass through without harm and pass into the next room which is a change of pace. Filled with glittering minerals that look like a night sky. Alongside tons of crushed skeletons. They also find old buildings within, proof of civilization once here. Cithrel hushes the group and they proceed quietly, Cithrel leans an ear to the closest double doors and hears a groaning within, it sounds like someone pained. Cithrel tries to open the door but it's locked and suddenly the door slams open, a spectral form bursting through the door. It tells them not to disturb "Mormisk". They vanish into the rock wall towards the north and the doors once locked fall inward and collapse. They enter the room and open a nearby chest revealing, 1100 copper pieces, 160 silver, 50 gold, 5 malachite pieces and on top of the pile a wooden pipe with platinum filigree priced at 150gp. Ralph takes the pipe and they decide to setup for a short rest here, Rokhar placing the doors back up.