Ches 8th-9th, 1500 DR

Cithrel pushes some boxes and a old sofa in front of the door before casting her Guardian Spell. She settles down on one of the old couches to begin trancing. Allowing her friends to get their rest.

Cithrel spends her morning reading her prayer book before jolting at Ralphs awakening. He mentions he has a dream about cloud walkers, giants in the sky. Cithrel has no idea, nor does Siv. The girls brush him off and Cithrel stops by a cabinet she  feels a gust coming from while Ralph talks off about his ring that gets colder.

Siv and Ralph head over and they agree to open the hidden door, which slides to the right. Their group enter the room, filled with cobwebs, gold coins with spider legs are across the room. There is a grotesque creature made of yellowy wax substance. The hidden door slams shut behind them, leaving them in this room with this monster with an only exit to the north. Cithrel narrows her eyes at the dozens of coins with little spider legs, crawling up the wall. They were the symbol on the door of the trading house. Cithrel studies the little spiders,  and tries to jump up to reach one but as she does an eye suddenly appears on the wax thing, it screeches out in a unfamiliar language. Then tries to change it's language, it speaks in elven. It asks who they are and why they are here. Cithrel answers in honest. Learning this creature is a demon previously bound to protect the secrets of this room, but as the family had died, it's pact has been broken and it simply remains to avoid going back to Hell. They talk with the demon, Cithrel not interested in a pact but some information about the secrets it keeps. It seems to only want a soul, which Cithrel isn't willing to give up. It puffs itself up in a threatening tone and Siv immediately jumps into battle. The others following suit.

They begin to conquer it's spider form, it falling from the ceiling and slamming into the ground. Ralph smacking it with his cane and wax flies everywhere before glowing and turning to ash. Cithrel ponders if the Azfadiel family worked with demons, just as all the gold pieces with spider legs clatter to the ground at their feet after the legs dissipate just like the demon did. They seem to agree, before searching the room and heading out the way they came. At the alter the demon was previously dormant at, a large tower is drawn on a scroll with "Petrification" written beneath it. They find some paper in an Elven-akin language (Undercommon) and Siv stashes them for later inspection.

They then decide to leave, heading out the way they came in and going back towards the other house's door. As they enter they approach with caution, the girls being stealthy until Ralph trips and falls down the stairs, not seeing them. There's several inches of water on the floor and the room is filled with realistic statues and weird rubbish-dens. Near the dens are two lizard-like creatures with 8-legs. As Cithrel and Siv hurry down after Ralph, they find themselves in an awkward situation.

The eyeless creatures begin to rush towards them, attacking Siv ruthlessly. Cithrel summoning a spiritual weapon to kill one of the creatures, but more come, including one of the lizard creatures. Ralph rages and steps before Cithrel, protecting her from the creatures attacking. Siv is taking quite the beating but still holding strong. She heals Ralph and uses her Spiritual weapon to support her team. Finally silence falls onto the room.