Ches 12th, 1500 DR

Cithrel gathers a family meeting involving everyone in the house. She talks about Ralph and introduces Lucien, who then mentions Corvin sitting out for the day. Cithrel's parents are invited and Cithrel immediately clocks that her mother is staring at her through her eye covering at her comment about not being ready for Ralph's passing.

They greet Lucien and Cithrel makes an off handed comment about things in Phandelin going to get weirder to which her mother also stares at her for.  Her father questions what he does, and where he is from. He mentions he's from west of Baldur's Gate and he's a ghost hunter of sorts. Cithrel then talks of Mindflayers, both her mother and father chastise her, knowing of the dangers of Mindflayers. Cithrel continues to share what they've learned thus far, about the black stones, the tower she foresaw in the middle of Phandalin, the mention of other Mindflayers working towards this goal of bringing back the Mindflayers.

Siv has a eureka moment, mentioning the formulas they had seen down there. She tells them they are conversion rates for turning people into Mindflayers. Cithrel is gravely concerned by this. Suddenly her father jumps up and his hand begin to glow an ominous purple, as he asks her what is that? Ixle peers around the corner, and Cithrel informs her father that they are a guest... Of sorts. Ixle enters the room, sitting at the end of the table and admitting he was ease dropping and has information about Ilithid. Cithrel shows him the obsidian stone, curious if he knows what it is. He says he doesn't but becomes interested when they mention, having met Mindflayers. He scurries down the table, and lifts her eye mask to check her eyes, saving she was safe. He explains about these giant walking brains which were pets of Mindflayers that would steal your brain, or body, or both. She couldn't quite tell. Eventually they inform Ixle of Gibbet Crossing and the map there he very promptly leaves and says he will be back in a few days time. Shortly after Cithrel's parents agree to head out, Chandra tagging along with them to rebuild the temple.

Cithrel decides they should bury Ralph today, and they head into town to put an order for a coffin in before getting breakfast and chasing some rumors. They also plan to stop by the other tavern to figure out why it's been so busy. They start with the local carpenter to which they learn he's been working with the Torghasta family. He offers them a free coffin, but Cithrel insists she would like to pay, giving him a gold piece and he immediately gets to work a custom one more suited to his size.

The group then go to get breakfast at The Stonehill Inn, Bart's place which is dead quiet. The streets also seem fairly quiet lately, a bit jarring. They order their breakfast and inform Molly about Ralph's passing as well. They mention going to stay in town for a little while before inquiring about the Giant's Inn. Cithrel asks if she's heard any rumors, and Molly talks about the fact that it's been rather lively over there, something also about an Amber Ale called the "Giant's Rest", something to die for apparently.  The town master also has been holding a lot of meetings over there. As they talk, the clinking of metal armour begins to  sound and three Swords Guards arrive at the door to announce them. They ask if this place is open for a bit of a break and Bart welcomes them in. They are asked to leave their weapons at the door. Their faces are relatively obscured by black masks that come up over their nose. They pick a table nearby their door and weapons, Molly hurries over them. Cithrel giving Siv and Lucien a side eyed glance as she peers over at the group.

She only ever saw the eyes and top of his head of that murdered that rode past them in that wagon. Piercing blue eyes and dark brown hair, scruffy and short. She looks over to the table and gives them a quick once over, not finding anyone that fits the exact description. There's one blue eyed man with dark long hair. Cithrel shakes her head at Siv and Lucien, no immediate red flags on her end. She absent mindedly listens to them talk through their meal. Lucien, Cithrel and Siv all chat amongst themselves, getting to know each other a bit more. In the background they pick up on a conversation, one that does peak Cithrel's interest. The mohawk guy is talking to the short haired looking man with brown eyes. He mentions he had not been riding with the guard for long maybe a week at most, which immediately Cithrel hones in on as peculiar. 

They pack up and head out, Cithrel pointing out the short blonde haired man to Lucien and Siv. He had the right eye colour but different hair colour and length. Siv points out this isn't impossible to change and Cithrel agrees. They then decide to stop by the opposing tavern, The Sleeping Giant. Hustling and bustling at noon. The outside is undeniably dingier, at the bar is a purple tiefling woman with outwards curled horns. It's warm with a large stone hearth near the back, spiced ales and roasted meats meet their nose. Cithrel notes a small wooden trapdoor beside the bar. Conversations are rather quiet at the moment. They are welcomed warmly by the tiefling woman at the bar. She introduces herself as "Dez". She's newer to town, and works with a flourish. Using her tail to grab mugs, Cithrel orders the house ale and Civ grab's something off the shelf. Cithrel was curious what this ale is all about as she pours a powder into the ale. Curious. She states the previous owner had a bad way of going about business and she recently purchased the building and has been trying to get it back up and running. They pay for their drinks and find an empty table to sit at and try and listen about for. Cithrel studying the house brew which was claimed to be made in house in their very cellar. She takes a sip, Siv watching her closely. Cithrel immediately notes it as rather calming. More so than the usual ale she's tried. There is something strange about it.

The noise in the room fades away, and Cithrel leans back. She studies the cup and drink closely, Siv pretending to be calm but rather concerned. Cithrel makes a joke about turning into a Mindflayer which Siv laughs aloud at which everyone in the Tavern looks over at her. Cithrel, slams down her drink at the vague influence of Ralph from the ring and they slowly begin to head out, Dez stopping by to hope they enjoyed their drinks. An older man at the bar, a sort of secretary of sorts with glasses and a suit which grabs her arm and in a sloshed and quiet voice, tells her not to worry about the funeral tonight. Cithrel's heart drops as she stares at him, Dez comes over and takes his ale from him, cutting him off and apologizing to them promptly, encouraging them to come back for drinks on the house. Cithrel uses Lucien's arm and quickly encourages they leave, Siv following them out. A terrifying sinking feeling in Cithrel's chest.

