Ches 1st, 1500 DR

Back at the manner, lunch is served and the little kidnapped Goblin is scarfing it down. They begin to converse with him, he says he has a wife "Bing" and has food at home. He wanted to steal the goat as a pet, allegedly.

Apparently the Gobbo Boss told the Goblins to come to Phandalin, same boss as usual, but he does mention he's been acting different. He describes his boss as a chainmail wearing goblin with a big, glowing green sword. He recently came back from an adventure with a green glowing rock in his forward. This sounds similar to the time Chandra was under one of those long goblin's control.

Siv and Cithrel begin to piece together that it seems like the Long Goblins are amongst this goblin clan. Maybe causing some internal troubles. They learn that they travel by hovering and they do weird things, such as  speak into minds.

As the conversation continues, they begin to see that this goblin is far smarter than he is letting on. Siv tries to test him with a puzzle which he refuses to do, then Ralph shows him the cuckoo clock. The goblin points out under the minute hand there's an inscription that says "Dear Ralph". The group are surprised, but Ralph and Grung begin to hit it off. Grung seems to trust Ralph which Ralph somehow manages to use to his advantage. They begin to follow Grung to their supposed camp.

Its about a days worth of travel, the air begins to get chillier as they push through the mountainous terrain. As they continue in the mountains, the terrain gets darker and the air gets drier and warmer. They find a black obsidian door and are being lead straight into the heart of the goblin camp in the mountains. They've made it this far, they might as well keep going. Suddenly Grung dips out after opening the doors, Siv and Cithrel curse him out but the group is hit with a horrid smell of rotten eggs.

A ostentatious architecture lies before them, nothing like a typical goblin establishment. There are geometric grooves with a blue-purple liquid pushing through them that glows brightly. In the distance they hear chattering and the clattering of dishes. As they enter the doors close behind them and the sound of plates clanging stop. They prepare for the worst. They loosely try to disguise Ralph as more of a Goblin. Siv teaches him a brief Goblin term to back him up and they turn the corner. There are many goblins... too many goblin. Including those of more magical looking nature.

A weird exchange occurs between the two, Cithrel cannot tell which is happening. But it seems things turn south fast. Siv starts strong, blasting out fire magics after Cithrel takes some hits. Ralph rages and begins to wreak havoc himself. Cithrel follows up with a new spell, Spirit Guardians. A magical blender of fey spirits sprouts from around her, and she finds herself a big target. Though the spell does rip and tear through many goblins in the room. Somehow they manage to quell the horde with little effort. Cithrel heals Ralph and Siv returns the favour for Cithrel as she stands holding strong on the concentration of her powerful magic. The healing helps a lot after the beating she's taken from the goblins around them. Ralph stands in front of her to protect her but she pushes forth into the center of the room, the storm of fey spirits whirl winding around her. Goblins drop like flies between them all. One goblin enters and immediately surrenders, Ralph goes over to pick them up which he promptly drops upon becoming small again. Cithrel collapses in exhaustion after her continued spell casting and they find a moment of clarity and Siv heals Cithrel, and offers her some water. She takes it and they decide to short rest.

They find themselves uninterrupted during their rest. At least until they hear a distant clicking noise followed by rummaging in a room nearby.