Ches 11th, 1500 DR

A battle breaks out, Cithrel using what she has of her powers to fend off ghosts and the scary creature Lucien later calls a "Howler". Cithrel manages to take it down as it goes after Siv, Siv frozen in fear for the entire fight. Lucien and Corvin also hold their own and when the battle comes to a close, Corvin is the one who manages to calm and capture a loose and frantic Red.

They regain Red's gear on their way out and agree to all head back to Phandalin. Not wishing to linger in this torn town.

They begin to head back on foot, slowed by Cithrel's exhaustion but Cithrel leans on Red for some help. They make it about 6 hours down the Triboar Trail towards Phandalin. They find a spot they usually camp at, but just before they see a familiar wagon, tipped over into a ditch. This is the same wagon that mysterious figure fleeing the murder scene of that family was on. A chill runs down Cithrel's spine. Luggage is tossed into the ditch from the cart, no sign of horses. Three of them approach, Corvin staying back with Red.

Lucien and Cithrel take a closer look, finding the two Sword Coast guards that went after the murderer, dead on the ground, one of them stripped of their armor. Lucien suggests someone might be impersonating a guard now. Cithrel agrees and finds a drag path further into the forest, finding a pool of blood indicating where these people were killed. Cithrel spots something shiny over by a tree, the light of Lucien's glowing blade lighting her way. She picks up a strange looking pendent, it's on a chain necklace and has the hand, two fingers pointing upwards and the thumb and other fingers holding onto an eyeball. She brings it back to Lucien to give it to him, this sigil is different from the chicken foot and eyeball carved into the victim's chest. But they are uncannily similar. Lucien confirms they are related.  Cithrel rubs at her temples and mutters about the Mindflayers, confusing Lucien. Siv agrees they've found themselves in quiet a pit of shit lately.

The group decide to camp down for the night, Cithrel still running on wits end. Lucien returns to Corvin and Corvin seems uniquely fascinated and drawn to the pendant he has. Lucien allows him to take it to which they all note before heading away from the murder site and bedding down for the evening. Siv and Cithrel share a chat, talking about the absence of Ralph and how hard it is felt. Across the fire, Lucien has set up his own tent and invited the orphaned undead boy to join him, seeing as he has nothing but the clothes on his back and some dice. Cithrel sits by the fire to trance, still wearing the ring Ralph's soul resides inside.

They all rest and dawn comes, they gather their things together and head back to Phandalin. Home sweet home, Cithrel takes solace in the fact she'll get to see her family together again. Its quiet when they arrive, clear skies while people go about their usual routines. As they head to the town square, Cithrel spots her father looking through the rubble of their old since burnt down shrine. Bart also greets them mentioning, they had some incoming competition as of late. Bart inquires where Ralph is to which he is informed of Ralph's passing. He offers them food on the house and Cithrel says they'd be damned not to ask for Spaghetti. They run into the stable master, the ancient bastard who tried to upcharge them. He asks for Red back, stating he plans to retire him, when Corvin cuts in and asks if that means putting him down. He agrees and Siv and Cithrel are flabbergasted. Siv demands to buy Red and denies his exorbitant price. She threatens him and he gives up telling them just to take the donkey and they bring him home to the mansion.

On their way in, there is a usually dead tavern which seems to be now bustling. Usually the Stonehill Tavern would be bustling, but it seems the opposite. They head to the mansion, introducing Lucien and Corvin to their home. As she enters the doors, a warm fuzzy feeling feels Cithrel and she listens to Ralph enthuse about feeling comfortable. It makes Cithrel smile but her heart weighs heavy as they show the two men around their home. In the dining hall they hear some chatting between Chandra and Grung, Bessie is also there. Chandra is pleased to see them, stating Grung has been complaining about food this entire time and she's about ready to kill him.  Cithrel tells Grung to make dinner instead then and he heads out. Chandra is introduced to the two men and tries to leave before inquiring about Ralph and they are informed of his passing. Siv shows Bessie his body to grant him some closure and seems to understand.

Chandra and Cithrel talk back and forth, discussing how their parents had been returned and they've been saying how weird things have felt as of late. Cithrel mentions they should all get together to discuss what they've learned over the past few days. Cithrel shows Lucien and Corvin to the bunk room and allows them free rein of the kitchen and bathes before pulling everyone together in the evening to talk about what has been learned and discovered. 