Ches 4th, 1500 DR

When returned home, Chandra cooks for them once more, insisting she rather not cook anymore and someone be hired for this instead. Bessie and Grung are their new esteemed guests. There is banter over dinner until there is a knock at the door, Siv answers the door to the Townmaster who insists to see the man of the house which pisses off Siv. He then corrects himself stating he needs to see everyone for an urgent matter, Ralph begins rocking the doors which Siv attempted to hold shut but he bursts them open, Apparently Gwyn, the scholar was actually the one who wished to see them. Siv lets her in on term she never brings the Townmaster back. The terms are agreed upon and she is welcomed in to speak to them.

Gwyn, wishes to document some of them, hearing they have become town heroes and legends around these parts. They learn she wishes to know what they did on their last adventure to the mountain. They share their story and bounce some ideas and history back and forth with Gwyn. She informs them 11 people are still missing which is news to the party. Cithrel seems concerned about this, but they rescued 3 people while they were at the old dwarf hold. Gwyn takes notes about the loblins and Ralph shares the peculiar gem with her. Siv shoves the gem into an orange to show Gwyn how it was in his forehead and the gem glows before a voice plays out. Gwyn sketches the loblins and then the "purple people", guessing they may be Mindflayers. Creatures not familiar to everyone, but Siv seems to recognize it. Ilithid, have turned the Underdark into their playground, controlling the minds of drow. If they are coming to the surface, this is quite a dangerous thing, they are powerful creatures that seek out the intelligent.

Gwyn speaks of ancient dwarven history, something about dwarves mining gems with hidden powers for Dumathoin. The Dwarven god of secrets. She continues on about a crossing where once Duergar, Drow and Deep Gnomes worked amongst one another before it was invaded by Mindflayers. Those that have tried to uncover the history and ancient sites have been attacked by monsters and dwarves and never to return. Ralph claims he had a dream recently in his drug induced coma, where he saw these Mindflayers. He offers to share a smoke pipe with them, packed with more of the weed and little did everyone know, the remains of the Deugar, Holjack. Basically everyone except for Siv agrees to hit the pipe in hopes of gaining some spiritual guidance. Chandra and Gwyn even join in and share a feverish trip.

The plates, knives and food begin to shift and wobble. Balance disappears, Chandra falls right offer her chair, followed by Cithrel and Gwyn. Then finally Ralph and Grung. Their vision blacks and a bright blue glow surrounds them in intricate patterns, black floor tiles and walls that are familiar reappear. Dozens of goblins shovel their faces with food, words are shouted at them which blurs into somewhat intelligible sentences. They turn into a room unfamiliar to them, three dwarves with gemstone like beards and giant hammers work on separate anvils. They talk about weapons, one of which being ready. The second underway and the third far from done. They pick up the spear that sparks with electricity, a magical weapon of some kind. They then move to the sleeping quarters with the mechanical lift, they head down the lift and when light comes back, they walk across a metal grate above a blue lava ocean. Several goblins and other Dwarvish figures walk forward, asking what their next command is. They are told to continue mining, it being important. Suddenly the ground rumbles and their visions blur, they hear screams of fallen comrades, all of those they just worked with killed and thrown asunder. Three looming tall purple tentacle faced creatures glide towards them. They lock up in fear, the Mindflayers crawl into the backs of their minds. "You have done well dwarf. You're time has been served." Then the middle Mindflayer opens it's cloak and pulls out a medium sized jar, in which the dwarf is sucked into unwillingly. They were seeing through the eyes of Holjack Hollowhelm. They awaken a while afterwards, most of them in a poisioned stupor which weights heavily on them. Siv hands out water and Gwyn is about to find her way back to the Inn. Before she leaves she advises them to visit the house behind the Inn, the Stonehills. They have a young boy who was one of the missing 11 who they are gravely worried about.

Gwyn ends up deciding to stay the evening here to sober up before leaving. The group agree to take a breather before they head out. Though Chandra manages to heal everyone and cure them of their ailment. Allowing them to head out and get a lead on the missing child.