Ches 8th , 1500 DR

Ralph shows Cithrel the neat ring and book he found. A book on "Ropers", an unfamiliar name and author to Cithrel. She tries to look over Ralphs ring and she senses it's magical in nature. Much like his other ring he wears. She gives it up for now, not wishing to pry and Ralph insists on reading his new book to the group.

He begins spewing off about Ropers and dragging adventurers, Siv takes the book to give it a better read while Ralph rambles about how to do sailor's knots, showing Siv and Cithrel. They rest by the campfire for an hour to recuperate. Ralph finds a pile of humanoid bones with century old bedroll fabric scattered nearby. Cithrel tells him to leave it after offering to her, knowing she's "weird". Rude. But she brushes it off, and watches as he plucks himself a new pillow and finds another book. He says this seems like a Journal of his Friend's, the same man who wrote the Ropers book. And he begins to worry that his old friend has died. They get walking and Siv begins to peep through the man's journal in exchange for Cricket back.

They go down the hallway and Siv and Ralph exchange the journal and Cricket back to one another just as they reach a stone door. Siv whispers to Cithrel that it seems like the author friend is dead, in the last page of journal he found a giant roper and the remainder of the page was torn. Cithrel thanks her for the information and they continue into a new room, a large room full of empty and broken cages with Duergar sigils and runes amongst the floor. Suddenly Siv is grabbed by her leg by a chain and pulled into an open cage she is investigating. The cage is locked firmly shut and Ralph and Cithrel attempt to get her out before more chains begin to shoot out around them, they are attached to a rather creepy looking humanoid which controls them and begins to slam into everyone. Ralph rages to attempt to bust Cithrel out, seeing as they were going to have a fight on their hand. Cithrel attempts to break herself further free and her companion Cricket slams a shot into it. Cithrel stares at it, the beings eyes flash red and so do her own beneath her mask. She becomes frightened as she sees her dead mother in one of the cages too the side of the room. She helps Siv escape the cage before trying to dart away from it, another chain slamming into her and her friends.

Ralph charges forward to slam into the devil, Siv blasting it with fire which seems ineffective, however Cricket seems to damage it pretty well. Cithrel is unable to get a hit but comes back to her senses, no longer seeing her dead mother. Ralph stands before her after Cithrel is slammed into again to protect her and Siv comes up alongside her to heal her. Cithrel is grateful for her friends looking out for her. She blesses them magically in a thank you. Suddenly the creature is chained by the feet and pulled away and back, then disappears. They hear a cry for help and Siv goes over to investigate, she finds a door to another room, a room full of bones, chains and two caged and weak individuals. Siv tells Cithrel to stay back for a moment, insisting she is going to investigate the room. Cithrel waits worriedly before Siv gives her a heads up before carrying her unconscious father and her frail mother walks close behind. They share a hug, Cithrel and her mother both in tears. Her mother claims remembering heat, then awakening in a cage. They are unsure how long they've been there. Siv urges them to return to the room they short rested in, carrying her father. Siv and Ralph working to barricade the doors, while Cithrel looks over her father. His head is heavily bleeding, she attempts to heal him. It doesn't go through, confusion comes across Cithrel before she suddenly realizes. He's dead. That's why it didn't work. A panic and air of utter loss comes over Cithrel, unlike any other emotion she usually feels. Her mother yells at Cithrel, asking if she has a diamond to which Cithrel stands there stupidly. She fumbles and Ralph runs over with a diamond, her mother using it revivify him. Taking his breath. Cithrel falls to her knees, her heart in her throat. She hesitated. And she feared what would happen should she ever hesitate next time.
