Uktar 26th, 1499 DR

As they leave the Tinkertop Inn, they decide to stop by her family's temple for some healing as Cithrel is worn out. Rokhar rushes ahead, beating them there and the others walk behind him. Once arrived a pale elven man with white hair and tight fitting robes meets them at the door. Cithrel is unfamiliar and is slightly surprised by the unexpected face. As they are urged to follow him into the temple to be treated, Cithrel's father steps out to greet her and her injured compatriots. He explains this is Jiovani, an albino drow who was an old worshipper of Lolth until her parents saved them and welcomed him to the light of Eilistraee. Cithrel softens at this and they both ask their group whats happened of them.

Cithrel explains they raided the Tinkertop manor and handled many of the Redbrands hiding there. Her father is grateful but urges her not to tell her mother about the trouble she finds herself. Jiovani offers them a drink from the magic fountain of Eilistraee which fully heals them. After that her father asks her if she's found any information about her sister, she keeps the letter she found private but shares any other information, about seeing her sister save her and the wanted poster that was out for her by the Redbrands.

Her father requests she find and bring home her sister, and wish them luck in finding Gundren. Then then head to the bar where they run into Bart and Sildar. Sildar found information about the castle that supposedly Gundren is kept. It's somewhere north west from Phandellin, possibly a couple days travel. There are the Ruins of Thundertree that it is highly recommended to be avoided due to a dragon taking nest there. Cithrel notes they will need to stop to pickup more rations prior to making this journey. She's a little surprised to hear of a dragon so close by. He strongly advises them to avoid any hooligans wearing black masks, they belong to the Cult of the Dragon. Sildur hopes Gundren is still alive. They should prepare for a journey. Bart overhears and offers his provisions to which they take him up on.

As the others shop about, Cithrel sips her tea and decides to crack open the letter she found in the Tinkertop Manor with the Black Spider seal which nerve rackingly seems to link to her sister in some way. Many others have mistaken her for this "Black Spider", the same one Clargg mistook her for as someone who asks for Gundren to be delivered to the King Groll of the Castle they will soon be headed to.

As she reads, Cithrel drops her teacup in shock. Siv inquires what is wrong and Cithrel mutters the rest of the group may want to hear this and she reads out the note rather shakily. Cithrel assumes the Black Spider is her sister, seemingly the very one who's been hunting Gundren and seeks the "key" he has, which she can only assume is the cube they unlocked. Cithrel and Siv share some stories back and forth, Cithrel sharing information about her family and how she and her sister are both considered Selunite drow, Drow born on the surface and out of the touch of Lolth. Siv begins to wonder about that Jiovani fellow, the ex-lolth follower who was only new to the house. A shiver runs down Cithrel's spine, wondering if he did have something to do with this and just as this realization dawns on her the inn door slams open as someone screams about the shrine being set on fire. Cithrel and Siv immediately book it outside to see the towns folk trying to put out the growing flames. Cithrel tries the front door and is blasted with fire, falling back. Ralph tries the side door, managing to meet Darksong and request his aid.

Rokhar singlehandly slows the spread of the fire, absolutely man handling and tossing buckets of water onto the slowly collapsing building. Cithrel is grateful to Rokhar, she gets up and looks behind her to the crowd of people. She spots a dark cloaked figure blowing in the wind and smiling, with a familiar but somewhat older face than she's used to, before someone breaks their line of sight and the cloaked figure vanishes. Cithrel reaches out her mouth agape, terrified at the implications. She needed to find her parents and ensure their safety.

