Ches 4th, 1500 DR

After instructing Ralph on needing to get out of the bath to unwrinkled his fingers, she looks after Grung and Ralph for a while before begging Cithrel to tag along as they head to the Inn. Siv being occupied for the evening.

They head over to the house behind the Inn and a large rotund man with a bright long ginger beard, Cithrel makes introductions, but the man seems off and doesn't seem to appreciate the questioning. He steps back in for a moment and Cithrel shrugs to her sister, she mentions that the Stonehill family gave up ownership of the Tavern. They apparently didn't expect the Inn to do as well as it did, and they've been quite off. A bit of assholes. The man Geoffrey Stonehill, sneers a bit at Cithrel, telling her her parents would've found their boy already, but Cithrel shrugs it off. Geoffrey mentions that his son went into the forest alone and has been gone missing for several days, he leads them up a hill to an old farmhouse. He points his stick at the ground, footprints that veer into the woods. He mentions his son often played with a friend and it seems they wandered too far this time. The man seems apathetic to his son's loss. The group decide to push onward and follow the foot prints deeper into the woods.

At the lone farmhouse, there is a distant stables and a field with a lone cow that looks rather sickly. Cithrel wanders up in curiosity, wondering what ails it and what she can do. As she approaches, she notices strange green tentacles are coming out of the cow. The cow is screaming out in pain and clearly suffering greatly. Cithrel winces at the sight, determined to put it out of it's misery and relieve it from whatever absurd illness ails it. As the group approaches, the cow's head jerks and it vomits out four lively oozes. The tentacles disappear after it vomits and it suddenly looks more normal, and it quickly scampers off. Leaving the party with the illness left behind.

The party rushes in to deal with the mess, Bessie and Cithrel taking out one right off the bat and one of the oozes. One of them begins to attack Siv and Ralph rushes into a rage, slamming his cane down on one of them. Everyone fights back and the group gets away mostly unscathed. Bessie absolutely kicks ass this fight, killing three oozes on his own. Everyone is very proud of Bessie. The cow is safe and Cithrel attempts to study the remains. Within the pile of bile, Cithrel notices some clover. Siv and her investigate a little, and Ralph barehands the vomit into a vial which he gives to Siv. Siv investigates around a bit more, pointing out goblinoid footprints amongst the clovers. They agree to investigate both footprints and to determine, the footprints are at least a few days old. The goblin prints are headed south west and the child's are headed south. They agree to follow the child's footprints after Ralph attempts to communicate with the cow. The cow mentions having seen two young children playing a couple of suns ago, he also mentions remembering being very sick. He said he got very sick by eating the grass near the stump, advises him to only eat hay. Content with this information the group agrees to head off.

They head after the children's footprints, two prints merge into one, perhaps as if one was following after the other. Suddenly they see two shadows and two children come running towards them asking for help. They mention finding floaty-things while they were out, they also mention an underground house in a hole in the ground. The boys look very scrawny and complain of being hungry and thirsty. Cithrel immediately locks tf in, and enters mom mode. After feeding and watering them, they mention three weird things were out there. They mention floating things with weird antennae's and ramble endlessly. The children insist they were adventurers and successfully trapped the beasts, they decided to go out and become adventurers. Cithrel and Siv convince the kids return to home on the promise they will be invited to their manor to tell stories. Cithrel pinky promises both young boys and they take them back home, allowing them a treasure to bring with them back home from their own adventures. The group walks the children back home, ensuring their safe return before agreeing to head back out and preparing for what could be a very dangerous battle.

On the way to drop off the Alderleaf boy, they learn his parents are amongst some of the missing. He's apparently been staying with Pip and the Stonehills since. They drop the boys back off at the Stonehills house and head back to the estate for supper and a good nights rest. Cithrel intends to plan diligently for the battle ahead of them. They return, and Gwyn leaves in a hurry after hearing about the mindflayers. Siv and Chandra seem displeased, but Cithrel seems to understand the concern. The group discuss, the mindflayers and cow and Chandra mentions she found a chef. Bart comes out with plates of spaghetti. She mentions to Cithrel that they owe him 20 gold at the end of the month for the service. Seemed fine enough to her, the group chow down on spaghetti and garlic breads for the evening. Everyone beds down, Cithrel trances her four hours and spends the rest of the night keeping an eye on the city. Just in case. After that they head out.
