Ches 11th, 1500 DR

They rest before heading back, Cithrel still utterly exhausted from  the energy she expended. Eilistraee was not happy with her decision. Siv see's if she's okay and she admits she's tired but they shouldn't doddle. Siv decides to put Ralph in the bag of holding to both make him lighter and prevent any unnecessary questioning. Cithrel agrees and casts a spell to preserve his body for 10 days before they start slowly making their way out of the dungeon and back to Conyberry.

In the evening they arrive at Conyberry. Rain pours from the sky, pathetically fitting. Thunder roars overhead. There seems to be bodies still strewn about and farms and buildings still burning, smoke filling the air. It's oddly quiet. Cithrel feels something in the distance, as they continue to approach the town square there is something very wrong. There is a feeling of a soul having meant to be departed being pulled back, not much unlike what she did with Ralph. There are spirits here waiting, for something. As they approach the suspicious building, they see a young man stumbling out, pale as can be wrapped in a dirty blanket. Siv asks who they are, and the young man asks if they've seen the cloaked figures. He seems very distressed and behind him trails a purple tiefling man. He begins digging through the remains of an orphanage, mentioning this just happened, though the corpses and building remains tell a different story. Cithrel looks back over to the other stranger amongst them, still being a bit weary.

Siv whispers to her, asking her if that man is undead. Cithrel studies him magically and notes he is for all intensive purposes undead, but he does not act like any undead she's ever seen. They redirect their attention to the man behind them to claims to have just met him. He claims to be adventurer, hoping to find the people who did this to Conyberry. Siv seems skeptical but relies on Cithrel for her judgement. Cithrel is more concerned about the undead dead man. Though the tiefling man before them has a spectral hand. She conveys this to Siv though admits he doesn't seem hostile or like any kind of typical undead she's ever seen. A peculiar case indeed.

The undead man wails, crying that this should not have happened before walking straight through everyone and back into the building. Cithrel feels a chill run down her spine. Siv seems even more upset, questioning what is happening. The tiefling man offers to show them the ritual, mentioning it's not the first burned and staked city he's seen. Siv seems more judgmental of him but this peaks Cithrel's curiousity and they head inside. They enter a blood-filled room with old bodies. The younger humanoid man seems to find some clothes for himself. There are words strewn about sigils, "He Sees, The King Returns, The Eye Opens, The Veil Shall Be Broken".

Cithrel remembers the family that was murdered they found on the way here, there were cloaked figures then, represented by a hand with an eye. There is a hand with an eye in this room, around the neck of the young human man is a necklace that ends in a preserved chicken's foot with an eye carved into it. Identical to that same sigil they saw back then. Cithrel approaches him and questions him, he claims not to know. He explains he's not in a cult but the Tiefling man "Lucien Grave" recognizes it.  He claims to be from a city outside of Baldur's Gate, he claims to be hunting this cult who attacked this city. Lucien says the young man seems lucky and he disagrees, as does Cithrel. They learn the young frantic boy is Corven, he asks who she is and Cithrel introduces herself. He asks if they can drop the undead thing for a moment, still trying to get used to this very different life for him. Cithrel seems more understanding, mostly out of morbid curiousity. Corven asks what they know about the Red Cloaks, Cithrel mentions a painful amount, thinking of the Black Cloaked figures from the cult. Cithrel suggests they travel back to Phandalin together. Corven is seemingly stuck with Lucien, Lucien claiming he's the last clue he's got about the Cult. They mention going to find Red and surely enough the donkey comes wandering through. Siv fetches him and the air shifts into a suddenly frigid cold. Cithrel notices her breath and the hair on her neck stands on end as she readies her staff. That haunting feeling returns. The bloated body near the well swells cracks and explodes into a four-legged monstrosity unlike Cithrel has ever seen. A figure draped in all black pulls itself from the well at this same time, a skeletal figure with a blue glow reaching for Corven. Telling him his soul is not in the right place.