Ches 1st, 1500 DR

They fix the shaft and Cithrel powers it magically, they get the lift working and all descend one by one. They find three split paths and decide to head down the middle, a strong stench hits them. The cavern is flooded with dark water. They see a large translucent beast roaming about and they decide to back track and go a different route. They pass by skeletons and mining equipment. As they round the corner a massive screaming drills comes hurling towards them.

The goblin and wheelchair are obliterated by the drill. Ralph tanks a few good tears from it, giving Cithrel and Siv the opportunity to hit it from afar. Thankfully he manages to take it out. Cithrel hurries over to Ralph to tend to his wounds and they find themselves with a moment of silence. Blue and translucent gems seem to populate many of the sealed crates and barrels nearby. Ralph loots some of the nearby crates along with Siv and Cithrel senses some nearby undead which makes her cringe. Its the first she's encountered in a long time.

She keeps an eye on the mindless undead staring out into a room of violent blue while the others search about. Once prepared Cithrel ascends the scaffolding and uses her divine powers to push away half of the zombies. Two of which step into the blue lava, killing them outright. They seem mostly unphased by their presence at least until they all turn in unison to look at Siv and begin speaking into the back of their minds. Cithrel seems disturbed by the difference of these zombies. She ponders how she will dispatch them all before pointing out the obsidian pyramid to Siv. It rests in the middle of a pit of blue glowing lava. Cithrel seeing this conversation is going in circles, makes the first attack which seems to turn things south rather quickly.